---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_administrative_units Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Directory management"
---

# microsoft365wp_administrative_units (Data Source)

An administrative unit provides a conceptual container for user, group, and device directory objects. With administrative units, a company administrator can now delegate administrative responsibilities to manage the users, groups, and devices contained within or scoped to an administrative unit to a regional or departmental administrator. For more information about administrative units, see [Administrative units in Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/administrative-units).

This resource is an open type that allows other properties to be passed in.

This resource supports: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/administrativeunit?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: This resource is only provided as an enhanced version of `azuread_administrative_unit` supporting the attribute `is_member_management_restricted`. Use `azuread_administrative_unit_member` and `azuread_administrative_unit_role_member` to modify membership as it is not planned to add further functionality here.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_administrative_units" "all" {
  is_member_management_restricted = true
}

output "microsoft365wp_administrative_units" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_administrative_units.all.administrative_units : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `is_member_management_restricted` (Boolean) `true` if members of this administrative unit should be treated as sensitive, which requires specific permissions to manage. If not set, and the default behavior is false. Use this property to define administrative units with roles that don't inherit from tenant-level administrators, and where the management of individual member objects is limited to administrators scoped to a restricted management administrative unit. This property is immutable and can't be changed later. <br/><br/> For more information on how to work with restricted management administrative units, see [Restricted management administrative units in Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/admin-units-restricted-management).
- `membership_type` (String) Indicates the membership type for the administrative unit. The If not set, and the default behavior is assigned.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `administrative_units` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--administrative_units))

<a id="nestedatt--administrative_units"></a>
### Nested Schema for `administrative_units`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Display name for the administrative unit. Maximum length is 256 characters. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the administrative unit. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
- `is_member_management_restricted` (Boolean) `true` if members of this administrative unit should be treated as sensitive, which requires specific permissions to manage. If not set, and the default behavior is false. Use this property to define administrative units with roles that don't inherit from tenant-level administrators, and where the management of individual member objects is limited to administrators scoped to a restricted management administrative unit. This property is immutable and can't be changed later. <br/><br/> For more information on how to work with restricted management administrative units, see [Restricted management administrative units in Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/admin-units-restricted-management).
- `membership_type` (String) Indicates the membership type for the administrative unit. The If not set, and the default behavior is assigned.
