---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configurations Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Authentication"
---

# microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configurations (Data Source)

Sets restrictions on specific types, modes, or versions of an authentication method that is tied to specific auth method combinations used in an [authentication strength](authenticationstrengths-overview.md). The following resources inherit from this abstract and define the various types of combination configurations: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationcombinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: To import this resource, an ID consisting of `authentication_strength_policy_id` and `id` being joined by a forward slash (`/`) must be used.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_strength_policy_id` (String) Provider Note: ID of the authentication strength policy that this resource belongs to. Required.

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `authentication_combination_configurations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_combination_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_combination_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_combination_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `fido2` (Attributes) Please note that this nested object does not have any attributes but only exists to be able to test if the parent object is of derived OData type `#microsoft.graph.fido2CombinationConfiguration` (using e.g. `if x.fido2 != null`). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_combination_configurations--fido2))
- `id` (String) A unique system-generated identifier.
- `x509_certificate` (Attributes) Please note that this nested object does not have any attributes but only exists to be able to test if the parent object is of derived OData type `#microsoft.graph.x509CertificateCombinationConfiguration` (using e.g. `if x.x509_certificate != null`). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_combination_configurations--x509_certificate))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_combination_configurations--fido2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_combination_configurations.fido2`


<a id="nestedatt--authentication_combination_configurations--x509_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_combination_configurations.x509_certificate`
