---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Policies"
---

# microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy (Data Source)

Represents the [policy configuration of self-service sign-up experience](../resources/selfservicesignupauthenticationflowconfiguration.md) at a tenant level that lets external users request to sign up for approval. It contains information about the ID, display name, and description, and indicates whether self-service sign up is enabled for the policy. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationflowspolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy" "singleton" {
}

output "microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy.singleton
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Inherited property. A description of the policy. This property isn't a key. Optional.
- `display_name` (String) Inherited property. The human-readable name of the policy. This property isn't a key. Optional.
- `id` (String) Inherited property. The ID of the authentication flows policy. Optional.
- `self_service_sign_up` (Attributes) Contains [selfServiceSignUpAuthenticationFlowConfiguration](../resources/selfservicesignupauthenticationflowconfiguration.md) settings that convey whether self-service sign-up is enabled or disabled. This property isn't a key. Optional. / Represents the configurations related to self-service sign-up. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/selfservicesignupauthenticationflowconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_service_sign_up))

<a id="nestedatt--self_service_sign_up"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service_sign_up`

Read-Only:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether self-service sign-up flow is enabled or disabled. This property isn't a key. Required.
