---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authentication_strength_policy Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Authentication"
---

# microsoft365wp_authentication_strength_policy (Data Source)

A collection of settings that define specific combinations of authentication methods and metadata. The authentication strength policy, when applied to a given scenario using Microsoft Entra Conditional Access, defines which authentication methods must be used to authenticate in that scenario. An authentication strength may be built-in or custom (defined by the tenant) and may or may not fulfill the requirements to grant an MFA claim. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationstrengthpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: Use the separate resource `microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configuration` to create combination configurations for an authentication strength policy.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_authentication_strength_policy" "one" {
  id = "ccde5395-3d28-45f2-88dd-8ea78d538016"
}

data "microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configuration" "all_for_one" {
  authentication_strength_policy_id = data.microsoft365wp_authentication_strength_policy.one.id

  for_each = toset(data.microsoft365wp_authentication_strength_policy.one.combination_configurations[*].id)
  id       = each.key
}

output "microsoft365wp_authentication_strength_policy" {
  value = merge(
    data.microsoft365wp_authentication_strength_policy.one,
    { combination_configurations = [for k, v in data.microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configuration.all_for_one : v] }
  )
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The system-generated identifier for this mode.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_combinations` (Set of String) A collection of authentication method modes that are required be used to satify this authentication strength. / Possible values are: `password`, `voice`, `hardwareOath`, `softwareOath`, `sms`, `fido2`, `windowsHelloForBusiness`, `microsoftAuthenticatorPush`, `deviceBasedPush`, `temporaryAccessPassOneTime`, `temporaryAccessPassMultiUse`, `email`, `x509CertificateSingleFactor`, `x509CertificateMultiFactor`, `federatedSingleFactor`, `federatedMultiFactor`, `unknownFutureValue`
- `combination_configurations` (Attributes Set) Settings that may be used to require specific types or instances of an authentication method to be used when authenticating with a specified combination of authentication methods. / Sets restrictions on specific types, modes, or versions of an authentication method that is tied to specific auth method combinations used in an [authentication strength](authenticationstrengths-overview.md). The following resources inherit from this abstract and define the various types of combination configurations: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationcombinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--combination_configurations))
- `created_date_time` (String) The datetime when this policy was created.
- `description` (String) The human-readable description of this policy.
- `display_name` (String) The human-readable display name of this policy. <br><br>Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not` , and `in`).
- `modified_date_time` (String) The datetime when this policy was last modified.
- `policy_type` (String) A descriptor of whether this policy is built into Microsoft Entra Conditional Access or created by an admin for the tenant. The <br><br>Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not` , and `in`). / Possible values are: `builtIn`, `custom`, `unknownFutureValue`
- `requirements_satisfied` (String) A descriptor of whether this authentication strength grants the MFA claim upon successful satisfaction. The / Possible values are: `none`, `mfa`, `unknownFutureValue`

<a id="nestedatt--combination_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `combination_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A unique system-generated identifier.
