---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configuration Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Authentication strengths"
---

# microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configuration (Data Source)

Sets restrictions on specific types, modes, or versions of an authentication method that is tied to specific auth method combinations used in an [authentication strength](authenticationstrengths-overview.md). The following resources inherit from this abstract and define the various types of combination configurations: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationcombinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: This resource cannot be imported (as the provider cannot determine the value of `authentication_strength_policy_id` at the time of import and hence is not able to build the correct URI to read the existing MS Graph entity).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_strength_policy_id` (String) Provider Note: ID of the authentication strength policy that this resource belongs to. Required.

### Optional

- `id` (String) A unique system-generated identifier.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `applies_to_combinations` (Set of String) Which authentication method combinations this configuration applies to. Must be an **allowedCombinations** object defined for the [authenticationStrengthPolicy](../resources/authenticationstrengthpolicy.md). For **fido2combinationConfigurations** use `"fido2"`, for **x509certificatecombinationconfiguration** use `"x509CertificateSingleFactor"` or `"x509CertificateMultiFactor"`. / Possible values are: `password`, `voice`, `hardwareOath`, `softwareOath`, `sms`, `fido2`, `windowsHelloForBusiness`, `microsoftAuthenticatorPush`, `deviceBasedPush`, `temporaryAccessPassOneTime`, `temporaryAccessPassMultiUse`, `email`, `x509CertificateSingleFactor`, `x509CertificateMultiFactor`, `federatedSingleFactor`, `federatedMultiFactor`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `fido2` (Attributes) Configuration to require specific FIDO2 key types in an authentication strength. An administrator may use this entity to specify which Authenticator Attestations GUIDs (AAGUIDs) are allowed, as part of certain authentication method combinations, in an [authentication strength](authenticationstrengthpolicy.md).

Inherits and derived from [authenticationCombinationConfiguration](../resources/authenticationcombinationconfiguration.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/fido2combinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fido2))
- `x509_certificate` (Attributes) Configuration to require specific certificate properties. You can use this entity to specify the certificate issuer or policy OID that are allowed, as part of certificate-based authentication, in an [authentication strength policy](authenticationstrengthpolicy.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/x509certificatecombinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--x509_certificate))

<a id="nestedatt--fido2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fido2`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_aaguids` (Set of String) A list of AAGUIDs allowed to be used as part of the specified authentication method combinations.


<a id="nestedatt--x509_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `x509_certificate`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_issuer_skis` (Set of String) A list of allowed subject key identifier values.
- `allowed_policy_oids` (Set of String) A list of allowed policy OIDs.
