---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authentication_context_class_reference Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Conditional access"
---

# microsoft365wp_authentication_context_class_reference (Data Source)

Represents a Microsoft Entra authentication context class reference. Authentication context class references are custom values that define a Conditional Access authentication requirement. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationcontextclassreference?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_authentication_context_class_reference" "one" {
  id = "c2"
}

output "microsoft365wp_authentication_context_class_reference" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_authentication_context_class_reference.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier used to reference the authentication context class. The ID is used to trigger step-up authentication for the referenced authentication requirements and is the value that will be issued in the `acrs` claim of an access token. This value in the claim is used to verify that the required authentication context has been satisfied. The allowed values are `c1` through `c25`. <br/> Supports `$filter` (`eq`).

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A short explanation of the policies that are enforced by authenticationContextClassReference. This value should be used to provide secondary text to describe the authentication context class reference when building user facing admin experiences. For example, selection UX.
- `display_name` (String) A friendly name that identifies the authenticationContextClassReference object when building user-facing admin experiences. For example, a selection UX.
- `is_available` (Boolean) Indicates whether the authenticationContextClassReference has been published by the security admin and is ready for use by apps. When it's set to `false`, it shouldn't be shown in selection UX used to tag resources with authentication context class values. It will still be shown in the Conditional Access policy authoring experience. <br/> Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
