---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authorization_policy Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Policies"
---

# microsoft365wp_authorization_policy (Data Source)

Represents a policy that can control Microsoft Entra authorization settings. It's a singleton that inherits from base policy type, and always exists for the tenant. <br/> Also see [Microsoft docs for authorizationPolicy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authorizationpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_authorization_policy" "singleton" {
}

output "microsoft365wp_authorization_policy" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_authorization_policy.singleton
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `allow_email_verified_users_to_join_organization` (Boolean) Indicates whether a user can join the tenant by email validation. <br/>
- `allow_invites_from` (String) Indicates who can invite guests to the organization. `everyone` is the default setting for all cloud environments except US Government. For more information, see [allowInvitesFrom values](#allowinvitesfrom-values). <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `none`, `adminsAndGuestInviters`, `adminsGuestInvitersAndAllMembers`, `everyone`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `allow_user_consent_for_risky_apps` (Boolean) Indicates whether [user consent for risky apps](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/configure-risk-based-step-up-consent) is allowed. We recommend that you keep the value set to `false`. <br/>
- `allowed_to_sign_up_email_based_subscriptions` (Boolean) Indicates whether users can sign up for email based subscriptions. <br/>
- `allowed_to_use_sspr` (Boolean) Indicates whether administrators of the tenant can use the Self-Service Password Reset (SSPR). For more information, see [Self-service password reset for administrators](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-sspr-policy#administrator-reset-policy-differences). <br/>
- `block_msol_powershell` (Boolean) To disable the use of the [MSOnline PowerShell module](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/msonline) set this property to `true`. This also disables user-based access to the legacy service endpoint used by the MSOnline PowerShell module. This doesn't affect Microsoft Entra Connect or Microsoft Graph. <br/>
- `default_user_role_permissions` (Attributes) Specifies certain customizable permissions for default user role. / Contains certains customizable permissions of default user role in Microsoft Entra ID. Also see [Microsoft docs for defaultUserRolePermissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/defaultuserrolepermissions?view=graph-rest-beta). <br/> <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_user_role_permissions))
- `description` (String) Description of this policy.
- `display_name` (String) Display name for this policy.
- `enabled_preview_features` (Set of String) List of features enabled for private preview on the tenant. <br/>
- `guest_user_role_id` (String) Represents role templateId for the role that should be granted to guests. Refer to [List unifiedRoleDefinitions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/rbacapplication-list-roledefinitions?view=graph-rest-beta) to find the list of available role templates. Currently following roles are supported:  *User* (`a0b1b346-4d3e-4e8b-98f8-753987be4970`), *Guest User* (`10dae51f-b6af-4016-8d66-8c2a99b929b3`), and *Restricted Guest User* (`2af84b1e-32c8-42b7-82bc-daa82404023b`). <br/>  
_Provider_ Note: The default value `10dae51f-b6af-4016-8d66-8c2a99b929b3` corresponds to "Guest User".
- `id` (String) ID of the authorization policy. Required.
- `permission_grant_policy_ids_assigned_to_default_user_role` (Set of String) Indicates if user consent to apps is allowed, and if it is, the [app consent policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/permissiongrantpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta) that governs the permission for users to grant consent. Values should be in the format `managePermissionGrantsForSelf.{id}` for user consent policies or `managePermissionGrantsForOwnedResource.{id}` for resource-specific consent policies, where `{id}` is the **id** of a built-in or custom app consent policy. An empty list indicates user consent to apps is disabled. <br/>

<a id="nestedatt--default_user_role_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_user_role_permissions`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_to_create_apps` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can create applications. This setting corresponds to the _Users can register applications_ setting in the [User settings menu in the Microsoft Entra admin center](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions?context=graph%2Fcontext#restrict-member-users-default-permissions). <br/>
- `allowed_to_create_security_groups` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can create security groups. This setting corresponds to the following menus in the Microsoft Entra admin center: <br/> - _The Users can create security groups in Microsoft Entra admin centers, API or PowerShell_ setting in the [Group settings menu](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/enterprise-users/groups-self-service-management). <br/> - _Users can create security groups_ setting in the [User settings menu](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions?context=graph%2Fcontext#restrict-member-users-default-permissions). <br/>
- `allowed_to_create_tenants` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can create tenants. This setting corresponds to the _Restrict non-admin users from creating tenants_ setting in the [User settings menu in the Microsoft Entra admin center](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions?context=graph%2Fcontext#restrict-member-users-default-permissions). <br/> When this setting is `false`, users assigned the [Tenant Creator](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference?context=graph%2Fcontext#tenant-creator) role can still create tenants. <br/>
- `allowed_to_read_bitlocker_keys_for_owned_device` (Boolean) Indicates whether the registered owners of a device can read their own BitLocker recovery keys with default user role. <br/>
- `allowed_to_read_other_users` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can read other users. **DO NOT SET THIS VALUE TO `false`**. <br/>
