---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Corporate enrollment"
---

# microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles (Data Source)

Windows Autopilot Deployment Profile / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-enrollment-azureadwindowsautopilotdeploymentprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: For this resource MS Graph requires for assignments to be individually created or deleted. Therefore we use the separate resource type `microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignment` for them.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles" "all" {
  exclude_ids = ["01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdee", "01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef"]
}

locals {
  tf_profile = [
    for x in data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles.all.azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles :
    x if startswith(x.display_name, "TF Test")
  ][0]
}
data "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignments" "all" {
  azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_id = local.tf_profile.id
}

output "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles.all.azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles : x.id => x }
}

output "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignments" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignments.all.azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignments : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles))

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profiles`

Read-Only:

- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time of when the deployment profile was created. The value cannot be modified and is automatically populated when the profile was created. The timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the deployment profile. Max allowed length is 200 chars. Returned by default. Supports: $select, $top, $skip, $orderby. $Search and $filter are not supported.
- `id` (String) Profile Key
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time of when the deployment profile was last modified. The value cannot be updated manually and is automatically populated when any changes are made to the profile. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of role scope tags for the deployment profile.
