---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Corporate enrollment"
---

# microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile (Data Source)

Windows Autopilot Deployment Profile / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-enrollment-azureadwindowsautopilotdeploymentprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: For this resource MS Graph requires for assignments to be individually created or deleted. Therefore we use the separate resource type `microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignment` for them.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile" "one" {
  id = "23b5545c-f948-494c-9495-3785d779806a"
}

data "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignments" "all" {
  azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_id = data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile.one.id
}

data "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignment" "one" {
  azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_id = data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile.one.id
  id = tolist(
    data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignments.all.azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignments
  )[0].id
}

output "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile.one
}

output "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignment" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignment.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Profile Key

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time of when the deployment profile was created. The value cannot be modified and is automatically populated when the profile was created. The timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. Read-Only.
- `description` (String) A description of the deployment profile. Max allowed length is 1500 chars. Supports: $select, $top, $skip, $orderBy. $Search and $filter are not supported. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `device_name_template` (String) The template used to name the Autopilot device. This can be a custom text and can also contain either the serial number of the device, or a randomly generated number. The total length of the text generated by the template can be no more than 15 characters. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `device_type` (String) The Windows device type that this profile is applicable to. Possible values include windowsPc, holoLens, and virtualMachine. The default is windowsPc. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. / Possible values are: `windowsPc` (Default. Indicates that the device type  is a Windows PC.), `holoLens` (Indicates that the device type is a HoloLens.), `surfaceHub2` (Surface Hub 2), `surfaceHub2S` (SurfaceHub2S), `virtualMachine` (VirtualMachine), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.). The _provider_ default value is `"windowsPc"`.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the deployment profile. Max allowed length is 200 chars. Returned by default. Supports: $select, $top, $skip, $orderby. $Search and $filter are not supported.
- `enrollment_status_screen_settings` (Attributes) Enrollment status screen setting / Enrollment status screen setting / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-enrollment-windowsenrollmentstatusscreensettings?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enrollment_status_screen_settings))
- `hardware_hash_extraction_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the profile supports the extraction of hardware hash values and registration of the device into Windows Autopilot. When TRUE, indicates if hardware extraction and Windows Autopilot registration will happen on the next successful check-in. When FALSE, hardware hash extraction and Windows Autopilot registration will not happen. Default value is FALSE. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time of when the deployment profile was last modified. The value cannot be updated manually and is automatically populated when any changes are made to the profile. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported Read-Only.
- `locale` (String) The locale (language) to be used when configuring the device. E.g. en-US. The default value is os-default. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. The _provider_ default value is `"os-default"`.
- `management_service_app_id` (String) The Entra management service App ID which gets used during client device-based enrollment discovery. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `out_of_box_experience_setting` (Attributes) The Windows Autopilot Deployment Profile settings used by the device for the out-of-box experience. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. / The Windows Autopilot Deployment Profile settings used by the device for the out-of-box experience. Supports: $select, $top, $skip. $Search, $orderBy and $filter are not supported. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-enrollment-outofboxexperiencesetting?view=graph-rest-beta. The _provider_ default value is `{}`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--out_of_box_experience_setting))
- `preprovisioning_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is allowed to use Windows Autopilot for pre-provisioned deployment mode during Out of Box experience (OOBE). When TRUE, indicates that Windows Autopilot for pre-provisioned deployment mode for OOBE is allowed to be used. When false, Windows Autopilot for pre-provisioned deployment mode for OOBE is not allowed. The default is FALSE. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of role scope tags for the deployment profile. The _provider_ default value is `["0"]`.

<a id="nestedatt--enrollment_status_screen_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enrollment_status_screen_settings`

Read-Only:

- `allow_device_use_before_profile_and_app_install_complete` (Boolean) Allow or block user to use device before profile and app installation complete
- `allow_device_use_on_install_failure` (Boolean) Allow the user to continue using the device on installation failure
- `allow_log_collection_on_install_failure` (Boolean) Allow or block log collection on installation failure
- `block_device_setup_retry_by_user` (Boolean) Allow the user to retry the setup on installation failure
- `custom_error_message` (String) Set custom error message to show upon installation failure
- `hide_installation_progress` (Boolean) Show or hide installation progress to user
- `install_progress_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) Set installation progress timeout in minutes


<a id="nestedatt--out_of_box_experience_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `out_of_box_experience_setting`

Read-Only:

- `device_usage_type` (String) The Entra join authentication type. Possible values are singleUser and shared. The default is singleUser. / Possible values are: `singleUser` (Default. Indicates that a device is a single-user device.), `shared` (Indicates that a device is a multi-user device.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.). The _provider_ default value is `"singleUser"`.
- `escape_link_hidden` (Boolean) When TRUE, the link that allows user to start over with a different account on company sign-in is hidden. When false, the link that allows user to start over with a different account on company sign-in is available. Default value is FALSE. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `eula_hidden` (Boolean) When TRUE, EULA is hidden to the end user during OOBE. When FALSE, EULA is shown to the end user during OOBE. Default value is FALSE. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `keyboard_selection_page_skipped` (Boolean) When TRUE, the keyboard selection page is hidden to the end user during OOBE if Language and Region are set. When FALSE, the keyboard selection page is skipped during OOBE. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `privacy_settings_hidden` (Boolean) When TRUE, privacy settings is hidden to the end user during OOBE. When FALSE, privacy settings is shown to the end user during OOBE. Default value is FALSE. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `user_type` (String) The type of user. Possible values are administrator and standard. Default value is administrator. Yes No / Possible values are: `administrator` (Indicates that the user has administrator privileges.), `standard` (Indicates that the user is a low-rights user without administrator privileges.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.). The _provider_ default value is `"administrator"`.
