---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_gallery_image Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Cloud PC"
---

# microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_gallery_image (Data Source)

Represents the gallery image resource of the current organization that can be used to provision a Cloud PC. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcgalleryimage?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_gallery_image" "one" {
  # Win 11 with M365 latest
  publisher_name = "microsoftwindowsdesktop"
  offer_name     = "windows-ent-cpc"
  sku_name       = "win11-*-m365"
  status         = "supported"
  odata_orderby  = "startDate desc"
  odata_top      = 1
}

output "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_gallery_image" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_gallery_image.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of the gallery image resource on Cloud PC. The ID format is {publisherName_offerName_skuName}. For example, `MicrosoftWindowsDesktop_windows-ent-cpc_win11-22h2-ent-cpc-m365`. You can find the **publisherName**, **offerName**, and **skuName** in the Azure Marketplace.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `offer_name` (String) The offer name of this gallery image that is passed to ARM to retrieve the image resource.
- `publisher_name` (String) The publisher name of this gallery image that is passed to ARM to retrieve the image resource.
- `sku_name` (String) The SKU name of this image that is passed to ARM to retrieve the image resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the gallery image on the Cloud PC. / Possible values are: `supported`, `supportedWithWarning`, `notSupported`, `unknownFutureValue`

### Read-Only

- `display_name` (String) The display name of this gallery image. For example, `Windows 11 Enterprise + Microsoft 365 Apps 22H2`.
- `end_date` (String) The date when the status of image becomes `supportedWithWarning`. Users can still provision new Cloud PCs if the current time is later than **endDate** and earlier than **expirationDate**. For example, assume the **endDate** of a gallery image is `2023-9-14` and **expirationDate** is `2024-3-14`, users are able to provision new Cloud PCs if today is 2023-10-01.
- `expiration_date` (String) The date when the image is no longer available. Users are unable to provision new Cloud PCs if the current time is later than **expirationDate**. The value is usually **endDate** plus six months. For example, if the **startDate** is `2025-10-14`, the **expirationDate** is usually `2026-04-14`.
- `os_version_number` (String) The operating system version of this gallery image. For example, `10.0.22000.296`.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) Indicates the size of this image in gigabytes. For example, `64`.
- `start_date` (String) The date when the Cloud PC image is available for provisioning new Cloud PCs. For example, `2022-09-20`.
