---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_user_setting Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Cloud PC"
---

# microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_user_setting (Data Source)

Represents a Cloud PC user setting. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcusersetting?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_user_setting" "one" {
  id = "226856e0-b728-44d8-8144-74f4e790a5e8"
}

output "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_user_setting" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_user_setting.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Cloud PC user setting.

### Read-Only

- `assignments` (Attributes Set) Represents the set of Microsoft 365 groups and security groups in Microsoft Entra ID that have **cloudPCUserSetting** assigned. Returned only on `$expand`. For an example, see [Get cloudPcUserSettingample](../api/cloudpcusersetting-get.md). / Represents a defined collection of user setting assignments. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcusersettingassignment?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the setting was created. The timestamp type represents the date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 looks like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.
- `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting` (Attributes) Defines whether the user's Cloud PC enables cross-region disaster recovery and specifies the network for the disaster recovery. / Represents the settings for cross-region disaster recovery on a Cloud PC. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpccrossregiondisasterrecoverysetting?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting))
- `display_name` (String) The setting name displayed in the user interface.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The last date and time the setting was modified. The timestamp type represents the date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 looks like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.
- `local_admin_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the local admin option is enabled. To enable the local admin option, change the setting to `true`. If the local admin option is enabled, the end user can be an admin of the Cloud PC device.
- `notification_setting` (Attributes) Defines the setting of the Cloud PC notification prompts for the Cloud PC user. / Represents the settings of a point-in-time restore of a Cloud PC. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcnotificationsetting?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_setting))
- `reset_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether an end user is allowed to reset their Cloud PC. When `true`, the user is allowed to reset their Cloud PC. When `false`, end-user initiated reset isn't allowed.
- `restore_point_setting` (Attributes) Defines how frequently a restore point is created that is, a snapshot is taken) for users' provisioned Cloud PCs (default is 12 hours), and whether the user is allowed to restore their own Cloud PCs to a backup made at a specific point in time. / Represents the settings of a point-in-time restore of a Cloud PC. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcrestorepointsetting?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restore_point_setting))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) The assignment target for the user setting. Currently, the only target supported for this user setting is a user group. For details, see [cloudPcManagementGroupAssignmentTarget](cloudpcmanagementgroupassignmenttarget.md). / Represents an abstract base type for assignment targets.

Base type of [cloudPcManagementGroupAssignmentTarget](cloudpcmanagementgroupassignmenttarget.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `group` (Attributes) Complex type that represents the assignment target group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcmanagementgroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `allotment_display_name` (String)
- `allotment_licenses_count` (Number)
- `group_id` (String) The ID of the target group for the assignment.
- `service_plan_id` (String) The unique identifier for the service plan that indicates which size of the Cloud PC to provision for the user. Use a `null` value, when the **provisioningType** is `dedicated`.




<a id="nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting`

Read-Only:

- `cross_region_disaster_recovery_enabled` (Boolean) .
- `disaster_recovery_network_setting` (Attributes) Indicates the network settings of the Cloud PC during a cross-region disaster recovery operation. / An abstract type that represents the network configuration of backup Cloud PCs provisioned for cross-region disaster recovery.

Base type of [cloudPcDisasterRecoveryAzureConnectionSetting](../resources/cloudpcdisasterrecoveryazureconnectionsetting.md) and [cloudPcDisasterRecoveryMicrosoftHostedNetworkSetting](../resources/cloudpcdisasterrecoverymicrosofthostednetworksetting.md) / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcdisasterrecoverynetworksetting?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting))
- `disaster_recovery_type` (String) Indicates the type of disaster recovery to perform when a disaster occurs on the user's Cloud PC. The / Possible values are: `notConfigured`, `crossRegion`, `premium`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `maintain_cross_region_restore_point_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether Windows 365 maintain the cross-region disaster recovery function generated restore points. If `true`, the Windows 365 stored restore points; `false` indicates that Windows 365 doesn't generate or keep the restore point from the original Cloud PC. If a disaster occurs, the new Cloud PC can only be provisioned using the initial image. This limitation can result in the loss of some user data on the original Cloud PC.
- `user_initiated_disaster_recovery_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates whether the client allows the end user to initiate a disaster recovery activation. `True` indicates that the client includes the option for the end user to activate Backup Cloud PC. When `false`, the end user doesn't have the option to activate disaster recovery. Currently, only premium disaster recovery is supported.

<a id="nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting.disaster_recovery_network_setting`

Read-Only:

- `azure_connection` (Attributes) Represents the Azure network connection configuration of backup Cloud PCs provisioned for cross-region disaster recovery. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcdisasterrecoveryazureconnectionsetting?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting--azure_connection))
- `microsoft_hosted_network` (Attributes) Represents the configuration of Microsoft-hosted network for backup Cloud PCs provisioned for cross-region disaster recovery. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcdisasterrecoverymicrosofthostednetworksetting?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting--microsoft_hosted_network))

<a id="nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting--azure_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting.disaster_recovery_network_setting.azure_connection`

Read-Only:

- `on_premises_connection_id` (String) Indicates the unique ID of the virtual network that the new Cloud PC joins.


<a id="nestedatt--cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting--disaster_recovery_network_setting--microsoft_hosted_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_region_disaster_recovery_setting.disaster_recovery_network_setting.microsoft_hosted_network`

Read-Only:

- `region_group` (String) Indicates the logic geographic group this region belongs to. Multiple regions can belong to one region group. When a region group is configured for disaster recovery, the new Cloud PC is assigned to one of the regions within the group based on resource availability. For example, the `europeUnion` region group contains the North Europe and West Europe regions.，`southKorea`, `middleEast`, `mexico`. Use the `Prefer: include-unknown-enum-members` request header to get the following values in this [evolvable enum](/graph/best-practices-concept#handling-future-members-in-evolvable-enumerations): `norway`, `switzerland`，`southKorea`, `middleEast`, `mexico`. / Possible values are: `default`, `australia`, `canada`, `usCentral`, `usEast`, `usWest`, `france`, `germany`, `europeUnion`, `unitedKingdom`, `japan`, `asia`, `india`, `southAmerica`, `euap`, `usGovernment`, `usGovernmentDOD`, `unknownFutureValue`, `norway`, `switzerland`, `southKorea`, `middleEast`, `mexico`, `australasia`, `europe`
- `region_name` (String) Indicates the Azure region that the new Cloud PC is assigned to. The Windows 365 service creates and manages the underlying virtual network.




<a id="nestedatt--notification_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_setting`

Read-Only:

- `restart_prompts_disabled` (Boolean) If `true`, doesn't prompt the user to restart the Cloud PC. If `false`, prompts the user to restart Cloud PC.


<a id="nestedatt--restore_point_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restore_point_setting`

Read-Only:

- `frequency_in_hours` (Number)
- `frequency_type` (String) The time interval in hours to take snapshots (restore points) of a Cloud PC automatically. that indicates that the time interval for automatic capturing of restore point snapshots is set to 12 hours. / Possible values are: `default`, `fourHours`, `sixHours`, `twelveHours`, `sixteenHours`, `twentyFourHours`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `user_restore_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, the user has the ability to use snapshots to restore Cloud PCs. If `false`, non-admin users can't use snapshots to restore the Cloud PC.
