---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_device_image Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Cloud PC"
---

# microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_device_image (Data Source)

Represents the image resource on a Cloud PC. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/cloudpcdeviceimage?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_device_image" "does_not_exist" {
  id = "does_not_exist"
}

output "microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_device_image" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_cloud_pc_device_image.does_not_exist
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of the image resource on the Cloud PC.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `operating_system` (String) The operating system of the image. For example, `Windows 10 Enterprise`.
- `os_build_number` (String) The OS build version of the image. For example, `1909`.
- `os_status` (String) The OS status of this image. / Possible values are: `supported`, `supportedWithWarning`, `unknown`, `unknownFutureValue`
- `status` (String) The status of the image on the Cloud PC. / Possible values are: `pending`, `ready`, `failed`, `unknownFutureValue`, `warning`

### Read-Only

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the associated device image. The device image display name and the version are used to uniquely identify the Cloud PC device image.
- `error_code` (String) The error code of the status of the image that indicates why the upload failed, if applicable. Use the `Prefer: include-unknown-enum-members` request header to get the following values from this [evolvable enum](/graph/best-practices-concept#handling-future-members-in-evolvable-enumerations): `vmAlreadyAzureAdJoined`, `paidSourceImageNotSupport`, `sourceImageNotSupportCustomizeVMName`, `sourceImageSizeExceedsLimitation`, `sourceImageWithDataDiskNotSupported`, `sourceImageWithDiskEncryptionSetNotSupported`. / Possible values are: `internalServerError`, `sourceImageNotFound`, `osVersionNotSupported`, `sourceImageInvalid`, `sourceImageNotGeneralized`, `unknownFutureValue`, `vmAlreadyAzureAdjoined`, `paidSourceImageNotSupport`, `sourceImageNotSupportCustomizeVMName`, `sourceImageSizeExceedsLimitation`, `sourceImageWithDataDiskNotSupported`, `sourceImageWithDiskEncryptionSetNotSupported`
- `expiration_date` (String) The date when the image became unavailable.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The data and time when the image was last modified. The timestamp represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`.
- `os_version_number` (String) The operating system version of this image. For example, `10.0.22000.296`.
- `scope_ids` (Set of String)
- `size_in_gb` (Number) sizeInGB
- `source_image_resource_id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of the source image resource on Azure. The required ID format is: "/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Compute/images/{imageName}".
- `status_details` (String) Possible values are: `internalServerError`, `sourceImageNotFound`, `osVersionNotSupported`, `sourceImageInvalid`, `sourceImageNotGeneralized`, `unknownFutureValue`, `vmAlreadyAzureAdjoined`, `paidSourceImageNotSupport`, `sourceImageNotSupportCustomizeVMName`, `sourceImageSizeExceedsLimitation`
- `version` (String) The image version. For example, `0.0.1` and `1.5.13`.
