---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_connector_group Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: On-premises publishing"
---

# microsoft365wp_connector_group (Data Source)

Each [Microsoft Entra application proxy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/app-proxy/overview-what-is-app-proxy) connector is always part of a connector group. All the connectors that belong to the same connector group act as a separate unit for high-availability and load balancing. If you don't create connector groups, all your connectors will be part of the default group. When configuring an application with Application Proxy, you must also specify which connector group to assign the application to.

After a connector group is created, you can add or move connectors to the connector group by using [Add connector](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/connectorgroup-post-members?view=graph-rest-beta). You can also use [Add application](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/connectorgroup-post-applications?view=graph-rest-beta) to assign an application to a connector group.

Also see [Microsoft docs for connectorGroup](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/connectorgroup?view=graph-rest-beta).

_Provider_ Note: Use the separate resources `microsoft365wp_connector_group_member_connector` and `microsoft365wp_connector_group_application` to add/assign connectors or applications to a connector group.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_connector_group" "one" {
  id = "ebde4869-e643-44c9-8fda-f4d6ca5abcf3"
}

output "microsoft365wp_connector_group" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_connector_group.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this connectorGroup.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates if the connectorGroup is the default connectorGroup. Only a single connector group can be the default connectorGroup and this is pre-set by the system.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `applications` (Attributes Set) Nullable. / Represents an application. Any application that outsources authentication to Microsoft Entra ID must be registered in the Microsoft identity platform. Application registration involves telling Microsoft Entra ID about your application, including the URL where it's located, the URL to send replies after authentication, the URI to identify your application, and more. Also see [Microsoft docs for application](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/application?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications))
- `connector_group_type` (String) Indicates the type of hybrid agent. This pre-set by the system. <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `applicationProxy`.
- `members` (Attributes Set) Nullable. / Represents an Application Proxy connector. Connectors are lightweight agents that sit on-premises and facilitate the outbound connection to the [Microsoft Entra application proxy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/app-proxy/overview-what-is-app-proxy) service. Each connector is part of a [connectorGroup](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/connectorgroup?view=graph-rest-beta). Also see [Microsoft docs for connector](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/connector?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `name` (String) The name associated with the connectorGroup.
- `region` (String) The region the connectorGroup is assigned to and will optimize traffic for. This region can only be set if **no connectors or applications** are assigned to the connectorGroup. <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `nam`, `eur`, `aus`, `asia`, `ind`, `unknownFutureValue`.

<a id="nestedatt--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The unique identifier for the application that is assigned by Microsoft Entra ID. Not nullable. Alternate key. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the application. Maximum length is 256 characters. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the application object. This property is referred to as **Object ID** in the Microsoft Entra admin center. Key. Not nullable. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).


<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Read-Only:

- `external_ip` (String) The external IP address as detected by the connector server.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the connector.
- `machine_name` (String) The name of the computer on which the connector is installed and runs on.
