---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_connector_group_applications Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: On-premises publishing"
---

# microsoft365wp_connector_group_applications (Data Source)

Use this resource to add/assign an existing application to a connector group.

Notes:  
  - When deleting this resource, the application will be assigned back to the default connector group.  
  - To import this resource, an ID consisting of `connector_group_id` and `id` being joined by a forward slash (`/`) must be used.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_connector_group_applications" "all" {
  connector_group_id = "ebde4869-e643-44c9-8fda-f4d6ca5abcf3"
}

output "microsoft365wp_connector_group_applications" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_connector_group_applications.all.connector_group_applications : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_group_id` (String) _Provider_ Note: ID of the connector group to add the application to. Required.

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `connector_group_applications` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connector_group_applications))

<a id="nestedatt--connector_group_applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_group_applications`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The unique identifier for the application that is assigned by Microsoft Entra ID. Not nullable. Alternate key. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the application. Maximum length is 256 characters. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the application object. This property is referred to as **Object ID** in the Microsoft Entra admin center. Key. Not nullable. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).  
_Provider_ Note: In this special case, it is _not read-only_ but _required_ instead. Set it to the **Object ID** of the **App registration** (which is different from both the Application/Client ID and the Object ID of the Enterprise application).
