---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_connected_organization Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Entitlement management"
---

# microsoft365wp_connected_organization (Data Source)

In [Microsoft Entra entitlement management](entitlementmanagement-overview.md), a connected organization is a reference to a directory or domain of another organization whose users can request access. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/connectedorganization?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_connected_organization" "one" {
  id = "99d8f723-a23e-447d-9a3b-8e59c00211ba"
}

output "microsoft365wp_connected_organization" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_connected_organization.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) UPN of the user who created this resource.
- `created_date_time` (String) The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`.
- `description` (String) The description of the connected organization.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the connected organization. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
- `external_sponsors` (Attributes Set) Nullable. / Represents a Microsoft Entra object. The **directoryObject** type is the base type for the following directory entity types generally referred to as directory objects:

This resource supports: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/directoryobject?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_sponsors))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `identity_sources` (Attributes Set) The identity sources in this connected organization, one of [azureActiveDirectoryTenant](azureactivedirectorytenant.md), [crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant](crosscloudazureactivedirectorytenant.md), [domainIdentitySource](domainidentitysource.md), [externalDomainFederation](externaldomainfederation.md), or [socialIdentitySource](socialidentitysource.md). Nullable. Supports `$select` and `$filter`(`eq`). To filter by the derived types, you must declare the resource using its full OData cast, for example, `$filter=identitySources/any(is:is/microsoft.graph.azureActiveDirectoryTenant/tenantId eq 'bcfdfff4-cbc3-43f2-9000-ba7b7515054f')`. / The subtypes of this type, [azureActiveDirectoryTenant](azureactivedirectorytenant.md), [crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant](crosscloudazureactivedirectorytenant.md), [domainIdentitySource](domainidentitysource.md), [externalDomainFederation](externaldomainfederation.md), and [socialIdentitySource](socialidentitysource.md) are used in the identity sources of a [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitysource?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources))
- `internal_sponsors` (Attributes Set) Nullable. / Represents a Microsoft Entra object. The **directoryObject** type is the base type for the following directory entity types generally referred to as directory objects:

This resource supports: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/directoryobject?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_sponsors))
- `modified_by` (String) UPN of the user who last modified this resource.
- `modified_date_time` (String) The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`.
- `state` (String) The state of a connected organization defines whether assignment policies with requestor scope type `AllConfiguredConnectedOrganizationSubjects` are applicable or not. / Possible values are: `configured`, `proposed`, `unknownFutureValue`.

<a id="nestedatt--external_sponsors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_sponsors`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the object. For example, 12345678-9abc-def0-1234-56789abcde. The value of the **id** property is often but not exclusively in the form of a GUID; treat it as an opaque identifier and do not rely on it being a GUID. Key. Not nullable.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources`

Read-Only:

- `azure_active_directory_tenant` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.azureActiveDirectoryTenant` indicates that this type identifies another Microsoft Entra tenant as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/azureactivedirectorytenant?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--azure_active_directory_tenant))
- `cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of a [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md) object. The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant` indicates that this type identifies another Microsoft Entra tenant in a different cloud as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crosscloudazureactivedirectorytenant?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant))
- `domain_identity_source` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.domainIdentitySource` indicates that this type identifies a domain as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/domainidentitysource?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--domain_identity_source))
- `external_domain_federation` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.externalDomainFederation` indicates that this type identifies a domain with a configured identity provider as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/externaldomainfederation?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--external_domain_federation))
- `social_identity_source` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.socialIdentitySource` identifies a social identity as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/socialidentitysource?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--social_identity_source))

<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--azure_active_directory_tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.azure_active_directory_tenant`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_instance` (String) The ID of the cloud where the tenant is located, one of `microsoftonline.com`, `microsoftonline.us` or `partner.microsoftonline.cn`. Read only.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--domain_identity_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.domain_identity_source`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the identity source, typically also the domain name. Read only.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--external_domain_federation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.external_domain_federation`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the identity source, typically also the domain name. Read only.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name. Read only.
- `issuer_uri` (String) The issuerURI of the incoming federation. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--social_identity_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.social_identity_source`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the identity source. Typically the same value as the **socialIdentitySourceType**.
- `social_identity_source_type` (String) The / Possible values are: `facebook`, `unknownFutureValue`



<a id="nestedatt--internal_sponsors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_sponsors`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the object. For example, 12345678-9abc-def0-1234-56789abcde. The value of the **id** property is often but not exclusively in the form of a GUID; treat it as an opaque identifier and do not rely on it being a GUID. Key. Not nullable.
