---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Cross-tenant access"
---

# microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner (Data Source)

Defines the cross-tenant policy for synchronization of users from a partner tenant. Use this user synchronization policy to streamline collaboration between users in a multi-tenant organization by automating the creation, update, and deletion of users from one tenant to another. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crosstenantidentitysyncpolicypartner?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner" "one" {
  tenant_id = "eb46eb45-4f35-4332-987d-deda508c6721"
}

output "microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `tenant_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `display_name` (String) Display name for the cross-tenant user synchronization policy. Use the name of the partner Microsoft Entra tenant to easily identify the policy. Optional.
- `user_sync_inbound` (Attributes) Defines whether users can be synchronized from the partner tenant. Key. / Defines whether users can be synchronized from the partner tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crosstenantusersyncinbound?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_sync_inbound))

<a id="nestedatt--user_sync_inbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_sync_inbound`

Read-Only:

- `is_sync_allowed` (Boolean) Defines whether user objects should be synchronized from the partner tenant. `false` causes any current user synchronization from the source tenant to the target tenant to stop. This property has no impact on existing users who have already been synchronized.
