---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_custom_security_attribute_definition Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Custom security attributes"
---

# microsoft365wp_custom_security_attribute_definition (Data Source)

Represents the schema of a custom security attribute (key-value pair). For example, the custom security attribute name, description, data type, and allowed values.

You can define up to 500 active objects in a tenant. The **customSecurityAttributeDefinition** object can't be renamed or deleted, but it can be deactivated by using the [Update customSecurityAttributeDefinition](../api/customsecurityattributedefinition-update.md) operation. Must be part of an [attributeSet](../resources/attributeset.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/customsecurityattributedefinition?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_custom_security_attribute_definition" "one" {
  id = "TestKeepForTfDatasource_TestKeepForTfDatasource1"
}

output "microsoft365wp_custom_security_attribute_definition" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_custom_security_attribute_definition.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `attribute_set` (String) Name of the attribute set. Case insensitive.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the custom security attribute, which is a combination of the attribute set name and the custom security attribute name separated by an underscore (`attributeSet`_`name`). The **id** property is auto generated and cannot be set. Case insensitive.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `status` (String) Specifies whether the custom security attribute is active or deactivated. Acceptable values are: `Available` and `Deprecated`. Can be changed later.
- `type` (String) Data type for the custom security attribute values. Supported types are: `Boolean`, `Integer`, and `String`. Cannot be changed later.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_values` (Attributes Set) Values that are predefined for this custom security attribute. This navigation property is not returned by default and must be specified in an `$expand` query. For example, `/directory/customSecurityAttributeDefinitions?$expand=allowedValues`. / Represents a predefined value that is allowed for a custom security attribute definition.

You can define up to 100 **allowedValue** objects per [customSecurityAttributeDefinition](customsecurityattributedefinition.md). The **allowedValue** object can't be renamed or deleted, but it can be deactivated by using the [Update allowedValue](../api/../api/allowedvalue-update.md) operation. This object is defined as a navigation property on the [customSecurityAttributeDefinition](customsecurityattributedefinition.md) resource and its value is returned only on `$expand`. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/allowedvalue?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_values))
- `description` (String) Description of the custom security attribute. Can be up to 128 characters long and include Unicode characters. Can be changed later.
- `is_collection` (Boolean) Indicates whether multiple values can be assigned to the custom security attribute. Cannot be changed later. If **type** is set to `Boolean`, **isCollection** cannot be set to `true`.
- `is_searchable` (Boolean) Indicates whether custom security attribute values are indexed for searching on objects that are assigned attribute values. Cannot be changed later.
- `name` (String) Name of the custom security attribute. Must be unique within an attribute set. Can be up to 32 characters long and include Unicode characters. Cannot contain spaces or special characters. Cannot be changed later. Case insensitive.
- `use_pre_defined_values_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether only predefined values can be assigned to the custom security attribute. If set to `false`, free-form values are allowed. Can later be changed from `true` to `false`, but cannot be changed from `false` to `true`. If **type** is set to `Boolean`, **usePreDefinedValuesOnly** cannot be set to `true`.

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_values`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier for the predefined value. Can be up to 64 characters long and include Unicode characters. Can include spaces, but some special characters aren't allowed. Can't be changed later. Case sensitive.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the predefined value is active or deactivated. If set to `false`, this predefined value can't be assigned to any more supported directory objects.
