---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_device_compliance_policy Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Device configuration"
---

# microsoft365wp_device_compliance_policy (Data Source)

This is the base class for Compliance policy. Compliance policies are platform specific and individual per-platform compliance policies inherit from here. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-devicecompliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_device_compliance_policy" "one" {
  id = "8b424a97-04d4-40c9-bdb3-b11894523c73"
}

output "microsoft365wp_device_compliance_policy" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_device_compliance_policy.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Key of the entity.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `android` (Attributes) This class contains compliance settings for Android. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-androidcompliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--android))
- `android_device_owner` (Attributes) This topic provides descriptions of the declared methods, properties and relationships exposed by the AndroidDeviceOwnerCompliancePolicy resource. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-androiddeviceownercompliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--android_device_owner))
- `android_work_profile` (Attributes) This class contains compliance settings for Android Work Profile. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-androidworkprofilecompliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--android_work_profile))
- `aosp_device_owner` (Attributes) This topic provides descriptions of the declared methods, properties and relationships exposed by the AndroidDeviceOwnerAOSPCompliancePolicy resource. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-aospdeviceownercompliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aosp_device_owner))
- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was created.
- `description` (String) Admin provided description of the Device Configuration.
- `display_name` (String) Admin provided name of the device configuration.
- `ios` (Attributes) This class contains compliance settings for IOS. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-ioscompliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ios))
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was last modified.
- `macos` (Attributes) This class contains compliance settings for Mac OS. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-macoscompliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--macos))
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Entity instance.
- `scheduled_actions_for_rule` (Attributes Set) The list of scheduled action per rule for this compliance policy. This is a required property when creating any individual per-platform compliance policies. / Scheduled Action for Rule / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-devicecompliancescheduledactionforrule?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduled_actions_for_rule))
- `version` (Number) Version of the device configuration.
- `windows10` (Attributes) This class contains compliance settings for Windows 10. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-windows10compliancepolicy?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--windows10))

<a id="nestedatt--android"></a>
### Nested Schema for `android`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) MDATP Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `condition_statement_id` (String) Condition statement id.
- `device_threat_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Require that devices have enabled device threat protection.
- `device_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `min_android_security_patch_level` (String) Minimum Android security patch level.
- `os_maximum_version` (String) Maximum Android version.
- `os_minimum_version` (String) Minimum Android version.
- `password_expiration_days` (Number) Number of days before the password expires. Valid values 1 to 365
- `password_minimum_length` (Number) Minimum password length. Valid values 4 to 16
- `password_minutes_of_inactivity_before_lock` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before a password is required.
- `password_previous_password_block_count` (Number) Number of previous passwords to block. Valid values 1 to 24
- `password_required` (Boolean) Require a password to unlock device.
- `password_required_type` (String) Type of characters in password. / Android required password type; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `alphabetic` (Alphabetic password required.), `alphanumeric` (Alphanumeric password required.), `alphanumericWithSymbols` (Alphanumeric with symbols password required.), `lowSecurityBiometric` (Low security biometrics based password required.), `numeric` (Numeric password required.), `numericComplex` (Numeric complex password required.), `any` (A password or pattern is required, and any is acceptable.).
- `password_sign_in_failure_count_before_factory_reset` (Number) Number of sign-in failures allowed before factory reset. Valid values 1 to 16
- `required_password_complexity` (String) Indicates the required password complexity on Android. One of: NONE, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH. This is a new API targeted to Android 11+. / The password complexity types that can be set on Android. One of: NONE, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH. This is an API targeted to Android 11+; possible values are: `none` (Device default value, no password.), `low` (The required password complexity on the device is of type low as defined by the Android documentation.), `medium` (The required password complexity on the device is of type medium as defined by the Android documentation.), `high` (The required password complexity on the device is of type high as defined by the Android documentation.).
- `restricted_apps` (Attributes Set) Require the device to not have the specified apps installed. This collection can contain a maximum of 100 elements. / Represents an app in the list of managed applications / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-applistitem?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--android--restricted_apps))
- `security_block_device_administrator_managed_devices` (Boolean) Block device administrator managed devices.
- `security_block_jailbroken_devices` (Boolean) Indicates the device should not be rooted. When TRUE, if the device is detected as rooted it will be reported non-compliant. When FALSE, the device is not reported as non-compliant regardless of device rooted state. Default is FALSE.
- `security_disable_usb_debugging` (Boolean) Disable USB debugging on Android devices.
- `security_prevent_install_apps_from_unknown_sources` (Boolean) Require that devices disallow installation of apps from unknown sources.
- `security_require_company_portal_app_integrity` (Boolean) Require the device to pass the Company Portal client app runtime integrity check.
- `security_require_google_play_services` (Boolean) Require Google Play Services to be installed and enabled on the device.
- `security_require_safety_net_attestation_basic_integrity` (Boolean) Require the device to pass the SafetyNet basic integrity check.
- `security_require_safety_net_attestation_certified_device` (Boolean) Require the device to pass the SafetyNet certified device check.
- `security_require_up_to_date_security_providers` (Boolean) Require the device to have up to date security providers. The device will require Google Play Services to be enabled and up to date.
- `security_require_verify_apps` (Boolean) Require the Android Verify apps feature is turned on.
- `storage_require_encryption` (Boolean) Require encryption on Android devices.

<a id="nestedatt--android--restricted_apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `android.restricted_apps`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The application or bundle identifier of the application
- `app_store_url` (String) The Store URL of the application
- `name` (String) The application name
- `publisher` (String) The publisher of the application



<a id="nestedatt--android_device_owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `android_device_owner`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) Indicates the Microsoft Defender for Endpoint (also referred to Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection (MDATP)) minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `device_threat_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the policy requires devices have device threat protection enabled.  When TRUE, threat protection is enabled.  When FALSE, threat protection is not enabled.  Default is FALSE.
- `device_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) Indicates the minimum mobile threat protection risk level to that results in Intune reporting device noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `min_android_security_patch_level` (String) Indicates the minimum Android security patch level required to mark the device as compliant.  For example: "February 1, 2025"
- `os_maximum_version` (String) Indicates the maximum Android version required to mark the device as compliant.  For example: "15"
- `os_minimum_version` (String) Indicates the minimum Android version required to mark the device as compliant. For example: "14"
- `password_expiration_days` (Number) Indicates the number of days before the password expires. Valid values 1 to 365.
- `password_minimum_length` (Number) Indicates the minimum password length required to mark the device as compliant. Valid values are 4 to 16, inclusive. Valid values 4 to 16
- `password_minimum_letter_characters` (Number) Indicates the minimum number of letter characters required for device password for the device to be marked compliant. Valid values 1 to 16.
- `password_minimum_lower_case_characters` (Number) Indicates the minimum number of lower case characters required for device password for the device to be marked compliant. Valid values 1 to 16.
- `password_minimum_non_letter_characters` (Number) Indicates the minimum number of non-letter characters required for device password for the device to be marked compliant. Valid values 1 to 16.
- `password_minimum_numeric_characters` (Number) Indicates the minimum number of numeric characters required for device password for the device to be marked compliant. Valid values 1 to 16.
- `password_minimum_symbol_characters` (Number) Indicates the minimum number of symbol characters required for device password for the device to be marked compliant. Valid values 1 to 16.
- `password_minimum_upper_case_characters` (Number) Indicates the minimum number of upper case letter characters required for device password for the device to be marked compliant. Valid values 1 to 16.
- `password_minutes_of_inactivity_before_lock` (Number) Indicates the number of minutes of inactivity before a password is required.
- `password_previous_password_count_to_block` (Number) Indicates the number of previous passwords to block. Valid values 1 to 24.
- `password_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether a password is required to unlock the device. When TRUE, there must be a password set that unlocks the device for the device to be marked as compliant.  When FALSE, a device is marked as compliant whether or not a password is set as required to unlock the device.  Default is FALSE.
- `password_required_type` (String) Indicates the password complexity requirement for the device to be marked compliant. / Android Device Owner policy required password type; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `required` (There must be a password set, but there are no restrictions on type.), `numeric` (At least numeric.), `numericComplex` (At least numeric with no repeating or ordered sequences.), `alphabetic` (At least alphabetic password.), `alphanumeric` (At least alphanumeric password), `alphanumericWithSymbols` (At least alphanumeric with symbols.), `lowSecurityBiometric` (Low security biometrics based password required.), `customPassword` (Custom password set by the admin.).
- `require_no_pending_system_updates` (Boolean) Indicates whether the device has pending security or OS updates and sets the compliance state accordingly.  When TRUE, checks if there are any pending system updates on each check in and if there are any pending security or OS version updates (System Updates), the device will be reported as non-compliant. If set to FALSE, then checks for any pending security or OS version updates (System Updates) are done without impact to device compliance state. Default is FALSE.
- `security_block_jailbroken_devices` (Boolean) Indicates the device should not be rooted. When TRUE, if the device is detected as rooted it will be reported non-compliant. When FALSE, the device is not reported as non-compliant regardless of device rooted state. Default is FALSE.
- `security_require_intune_app_integrity` (Boolean) Indicates whether Intune application integrity is required to mark the device as compliant.  When TRUE, Intune checks that the Intune app installed on fully managed, dedicated, or corporate-owned work profile Android Enterprise enrolled devices, is the one provided by Microsoft from the Managed Google Play store. If the check fails, the device will be reported as non-compliant. Default is FALSE.
- `security_require_safety_net_attestation_basic_integrity` (Boolean) Indicates whether the compliance check will validate the Google Play Integrity check. When TRUE, the Google Play integrity basic check must pass to consider the device compliant.  When FALSE, the Google Play integrity basic check can pass or fail and the device will be considered compliant.  Default is FALSE.
- `security_require_safety_net_attestation_certified_device` (Boolean) Indicates whether the compliance check will validate the Google Play Integrity check. When TRUE, the Google Play integrity device check must pass to consider the device compliant.  When FALSE, the Google Play integrity device check can pass or fail and the device will be considered compliant.  Default is FALSE.
- `security_required_android_safety_net_evaluation_type` (String) Indicates the types of measurements and reference data used to evaluate the device SafetyNet evaluation. Evaluation is completed on the device to assess device integrity based on checks defined by Android and built into the device hardware, for example, compromised OS version or root detection.with default value of `basic`. / An enum representing the Android Play Integrity API evaluation types; possible values are: `basic` (Default value. Typical measurements and reference data were used.), `hardwareBacked` (Strong Integrity checks (such as a hardware-backed proof of boot integrity) were used.)
- `storage_require_encryption` (Boolean) Indicates whether encryption on Android devices is required to mark the device as compliant.


<a id="nestedatt--android_work_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `android_work_profile`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) MDATP Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `device_threat_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Require that devices have enabled device threat protection.
- `device_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `min_android_security_patch_level` (String) Minimum Android security patch level.
- `os_maximum_version` (String) Maximum Android version.
- `os_minimum_version` (String) Minimum Android version.
- `password_expiration_days` (Number) Number of days before the password expires. Valid values 1 to 365
- `password_minimum_length` (Number) Minimum password length. Valid values 4 to 16
- `password_minutes_of_inactivity_before_lock` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before a password is required.
- `password_previous_password_block_count` (Number) Number of previous passwords to block. Valid values 1 to 24
- `password_required` (Boolean) Require a password to unlock device.
- `password_required_type` (String) Type of characters in password. / Android required password type; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `alphabetic` (Alphabetic password required.), `alphanumeric` (Alphanumeric password required.), `alphanumericWithSymbols` (Alphanumeric with symbols password required.), `lowSecurityBiometric` (Low security biometrics based password required.), `numeric` (Numeric password required.), `numericComplex` (Numeric complex password required.), `any` (A password or pattern is required, and any is acceptable.).
- `password_sign_in_failure_count_before_factory_reset` (Number) Number of sign-in failures allowed before factory reset. Valid values 1 to 16
- `required_password_complexity` (String) Indicates the required device password complexity on Android. One of: NONE, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH. This is a new API targeted to Android API 12+. / The password complexity types that can be set on Android. One of: NONE, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH. This is an API targeted to Android 11+; possible values are: `none` (Device default value, no password.), `low` (The required password complexity on the device is of type low as defined by the Android documentation.), `medium` (The required password complexity on the device is of type medium as defined by the Android documentation.), `high` (The required password complexity on the device is of type high as defined by the Android documentation.).
- `security_block_jailbroken_devices` (Boolean) Indicates the device should not be rooted. When TRUE, if the device is detected as rooted it will be reported non-compliant. When FALSE, the device is not reported as non-compliant regardless of device rooted state. Default is FALSE.
- `security_disable_usb_debugging` (Boolean) Disable USB debugging on Android devices.
- `security_prevent_install_apps_from_unknown_sources` (Boolean) Require that devices disallow installation of apps from unknown sources.
- `security_require_company_portal_app_integrity` (Boolean) Require the device to pass the Company Portal client app runtime integrity check.
- `security_require_google_play_services` (Boolean) Require Google Play Services to be installed and enabled on the device.
- `security_require_safety_net_attestation_basic_integrity` (Boolean) Require the device to pass the Play Integrity basic integrity check.
- `security_require_safety_net_attestation_certified_device` (Boolean) Require the device to pass the Play Integrity device integrity check.
- `security_require_up_to_date_security_providers` (Boolean) Require the device to have up to date security providers. The device will require Google Play Services to be enabled and up to date.
- `security_require_verify_apps` (Boolean) Require the Android Verify apps feature is turned on.
- `security_required_android_safety_net_evaluation_type` (String) Require a specific SafetyNet evaluation type for compliance. / An enum representing the Android Play Integrity API evaluation types; possible values are: `basic` (Default value. Typical measurements and reference data were used.), `hardwareBacked` (Strong Integrity checks (such as a hardware-backed proof of boot integrity) were used.).
- `storage_require_encryption` (Boolean) Require encryption on Android devices.
- `work_profile_inactive_before_screen_lock_in_minutes` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before the screen times out.
- `work_profile_password_expiration_in_days` (Number) Number of days before the work profile password expires. Valid values 1 to 365
- `work_profile_password_minimum_length` (Number) Minimum length of work profile password. Valid values 4 to 16
- `work_profile_password_required_type` (String) Type of work profile password that is required. / Android Work Profile required password type; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `lowSecurityBiometric` (Low security biometrics based password required.), `required` (Required.), `atLeastNumeric` (At least numeric password required.), `numericComplex` (Numeric complex password required.), `atLeastAlphabetic` (At least alphabetic password required.), `atLeastAlphanumeric` (At least alphanumeric password required.), `alphanumericWithSymbols` (At least alphanumeric with symbols password required.).
- `work_profile_previous_password_block_count` (Number) Number of previous work profile passwords to block. Valid values 0 to 24
- `work_profile_require_password` (Boolean) Password is required or not for work profile.
- `work_profile_required_password_complexity` (String) Indicates the required work profile password complexity on Android. One of: NONE, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH. This is a new API targeted to Android 12+. / The password complexity types that can be set on Android. One of: NONE, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH. This is an API targeted to Android 11+; possible values are: `none` (Device default value, no password.), `low` (The required password complexity on the device is of type low as defined by the Android documentation.), `medium` (The required password complexity on the device is of type medium as defined by the Android documentation.), `high` (The required password complexity on the device is of type high as defined by the Android documentation.).


<a id="nestedatt--aosp_device_owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aosp_device_owner`

Read-Only:

- `min_android_security_patch_level` (String) Minimum Android security patch level.
- `os_maximum_version` (String) Maximum Android version.
- `os_minimum_version` (String) Minimum Android version.
- `password_minimum_length` (Number) Minimum password length. Valid values 4 to 16
- `password_minutes_of_inactivity_before_lock` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before a password is required. Valid values 1 to 8640
- `password_required` (Boolean) Require a password to unlock device.
- `password_required_type` (String) Type of characters in password. / Android Device Owner policy required password type; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `required` (There must be a password set, but there are no restrictions on type.), `numeric` (At least numeric.), `numericComplex` (At least numeric with no repeating or ordered sequences.), `alphabetic` (At least alphabetic password.), `alphanumeric` (At least alphanumeric password), `alphanumericWithSymbols` (At least alphanumeric with symbols.), `lowSecurityBiometric` (Low security biometrics based password required.), `customPassword` (Custom password set by the admin.).
- `security_block_jailbroken_devices` (Boolean) Indicates the device should not be rooted. When TRUE, if the device is detected as rooted it will be reported non-compliant. When FALSE, the device is not reported as non-compliant regardless of device rooted state. Default is FALSE.
- `storage_require_encryption` (Boolean) Require encryption on Android devices.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.).
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--ios"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ios`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) MDATP Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `device_threat_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Require that devices have enabled device threat protection .
- `device_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `managed_email_profile_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to require a managed email profile.
- `os_maximum_build_version` (String) Maximum IOS build version.
- `os_maximum_version` (String) Maximum IOS version.
- `os_minimum_build_version` (String) Minimum IOS build version.
- `os_minimum_version` (String) Minimum IOS version.
- `passcode_block_simple` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to block simple passcodes.
- `passcode_expiration_days` (Number) Number of days before the passcode expires. Valid values 1 to 65535
- `passcode_minimum_character_set_count` (Number) The number of character sets required in the password.
- `passcode_minimum_length` (Number) Minimum length of passcode. Valid values 4 to 14
- `passcode_minutes_of_inactivity_before_lock` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before a passcode is required.
- `passcode_minutes_of_inactivity_before_screen_timeout` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before the screen times out.
- `passcode_previous_passcode_block_count` (Number) Number of previous passcodes to block. Valid values 1 to 24
- `passcode_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to require a passcode.
- `passcode_required_type` (String) The required passcode type. / Possible values of required passwords; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `alphanumeric` (Alphanumeric password required.), `numeric` (Numeric password required.).
- `restricted_apps` (Attributes Set) Require the device to not have the specified apps installed. This collection can contain a maximum of 100 elements. / Represents an app in the list of managed applications / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-applistitem?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ios--restricted_apps))
- `security_block_jailbroken_devices` (Boolean) Indicates the device should not be jailbroken. When TRUE, if the device is detected as jailbroken it will be reported non-compliant. When FALSE, the device is not reported as non-compliant regardless of device jailbroken state. Default is FALSE.

<a id="nestedatt--ios--restricted_apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ios.restricted_apps`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The application or bundle identifier of the application
- `app_store_url` (String) The Store URL of the application
- `name` (String) The application name
- `publisher` (String) The publisher of the application



<a id="nestedatt--macos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `macos`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) MDATP Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `device_threat_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Require that devices have enabled device threat protection.
- `device_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) Require Mobile Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `firewall_block_all_incoming` (Boolean) Corresponds to the “Block all incoming connections” option.
- `firewall_enable_stealth_mode` (Boolean) Corresponds to “Enable stealth mode.”.
- `firewall_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the firewall should be enabled or not.
- `gatekeeper_allowed_app_source` (String) System and Privacy setting that determines which download locations apps can be run from on a macOS device. / App source options for macOS Gatekeeper; possible values are: `notConfigured` (Device default value, no intent.), `macAppStore` (Only apps from the Mac AppStore can be run.), `macAppStoreAndIdentifiedDevelopers` (Only apps from the Mac AppStore and identified developers can be run.), `anywhere` (Apps from anywhere can be run.).
- `os_maximum_build_version` (String) Maximum MacOS build version.
- `os_maximum_version` (String) Maximum MacOS version.
- `os_minimum_build_version` (String) Minimum MacOS build version.
- `os_minimum_version` (String) Minimum MacOS version.
- `password_block_simple` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to block simple passwords.
- `password_expiration_days` (Number) Number of days before the password expires. Valid values 1 to 65535
- `password_minimum_character_set_count` (Number) The number of character sets required in the password.
- `password_minimum_length` (Number) Minimum length of password. Valid values 4 to 14
- `password_minutes_of_inactivity_before_lock` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before a password is required.
- `password_previous_password_block_count` (Number) Number of previous passwords to block. Valid values 1 to 24
- `password_required` (Boolean) Whether or not to require a password.
- `password_required_type` (String) The required password type. / Possible values of required passwords; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `alphanumeric` (Alphanumeric password required.), `numeric` (Numeric password required.).
- `storage_require_encryption` (Boolean) Require encryption on Mac OS devices.
- `system_integrity_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Require that devices have enabled system integrity protection.


<a id="nestedatt--scheduled_actions_for_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduled_actions_for_rule`

Read-Only:

- `scheduled_action_configurations` (Attributes Set) The list of scheduled action configurations for this compliance policy. Compliance policy must have one and only one block scheduled action. / Scheduled Action Configuration / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-devicecomplianceactionitem?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduled_actions_for_rule--scheduled_action_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--scheduled_actions_for_rule--scheduled_action_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduled_actions_for_rule.scheduled_action_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `action_type` (String) What action to take. / Scheduled Action Type Enum; possible values are: `noAction` (No Action), `notification` (Send Notification), `block` (Block the device in AAD), `retire` (Retire the device), `wipe` (Wipe the device), `removeResourceAccessProfiles` (Remove Resource Access Profiles from the device), `pushNotification` (Send push notification to device), `remoteLock` (Remotely lock the device).
- `grace_period_hours` (Number) Number of hours to wait till the action will be enforced. Valid values 0 to 8760.
- `notification_message_cc_list` (Set of String) A list of group IDs to speicify who to CC this notification message to.
- `notification_template_id` (String) What notification Message template to use.



<a id="nestedatt--windows10"></a>
### Nested Schema for `windows10`

Read-Only:

- `active_firewall_required` (Boolean) Require active firewall on Windows devices.
- `anti_spyware_required` (Boolean) Require any AntiSpyware solution registered with Windows Decurity Center to be on and monitoring (e.g. Symantec, Windows Defender).
- `antivirus_required` (Boolean) Require any Antivirus solution registered with Windows Decurity Center to be on and monitoring (e.g. Symantec, Windows Defender).
- `bitlocker_enabled` (Boolean) Require devices to be reported healthy by Windows Device Health Attestation - bit locker is enabled.
- `code_integrity_enabled` (Boolean) Require devices to be reported as healthy by Windows Device Health Attestation.
- `configuration_manager_compliance_required` (Boolean) Require to consider SCCM Compliance state into consideration for Intune Compliance State.
- `defender_enabled` (Boolean) Require Windows Defender Antimalware on Windows devices.
- `defender_version` (String) Require Windows Defender Antimalware minimum version on Windows devices.
- `device_compliance_policy_script` (Attributes) https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-devicecompliancepolicyscript?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--windows10--device_compliance_policy_script))
- `device_threat_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Require that devices have enabled device threat protection.
- `device_threat_protection_required_security_level` (String) Require Device Threat Protection minimum risk level to report noncompliance. / Device threat protection levels for the Device Threat Protection API; possible values are: `unavailable` (Default Value. Do not use.), `secured` (Device Threat Level requirement: Secured. This is the most secure level, and represents that no threats were found on the device.), `low` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Low. Low represents a severity of threat that poses minimal risk to the device or device data.), `medium` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Medium. Medium represents a severity of threat that poses moderate risk to the device or device data.), `high` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: High. High represents a severity of threat that poses severe risk to the device or device data.), `notSet` (Device Threat Protection level requirement: Not Set. Not set represents that there is no requirement for the device to meet a Threat Protection level.).
- `early_launch_anti_malware_driver_enabled` (Boolean) Require devices to be reported as healthy by Windows Device Health Attestation - early launch antimalware driver is enabled.
- `firmware_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When TRUE, indicates that Firmware protection is required to be reported as healthy by Microsoft Azure Attestion. When FALSE, indicates that Firmware protection is not required to be reported as healthy. Devices that support either Dynamic Root of Trust for Measurement (DRTM) or Firmware Attack Surface Reduction (FASR) will report compliant for this setting.
- `kernel_dma_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When TRUE, indicates that Kernel Direct Memory Access (DMA) protection is required to be reported as healthy by Microsoft Azure Attestion. When FALSE, indicates that Kernel DMA Protection is not required to be reported as healthy.
- `memory_integrity_enabled` (Boolean) When TRUE, indicates that Memory Integrity as known as Hypervisor-protected Code Integrity (HVCI) or Hypervisor Enforced Code Integrity protection is required to be reported as healthy by Microsoft Azure Attestion. When FALSE, indicates that Memory Integrity Protection is not required to be reported as healthy.
- `mobile_os_maximum_version` (String) Maximum Windows Phone version.
- `mobile_os_minimum_version` (String) Minimum Windows Phone version.
- `os_maximum_version` (String) Maximum Windows 10 version.
- `os_minimum_version` (String) Minimum Windows 10 version.
- `password_block_simple` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to block simple password.
- `password_expiration_days` (Number) The password expiration in days.
- `password_minimum_character_set_count` (Number) The number of character sets required in the password.
- `password_minimum_length` (Number) The minimum password length.
- `password_minutes_of_inactivity_before_lock` (Number) Minutes of inactivity before a password is required.
- `password_previous_password_block_count` (Number) The number of previous passwords to prevent re-use of.
- `password_required` (Boolean) Require a password to unlock Windows device.
- `password_required_to_unlock_from_idle` (Boolean) Require a password to unlock an idle device.
- `password_required_type` (String) The required password type. / Possible values of required passwords; possible values are: `deviceDefault` (Device default value, no intent.), `alphanumeric` (Alphanumeric password required.), `numeric` (Numeric password required.).
- `require_healthy_device_report` (Boolean) Require devices to be reported as healthy by Windows Device Health Attestation.
- `rtp_enabled` (Boolean) Require Windows Defender Antimalware Real-Time Protection on Windows devices.
- `secure_boot_enabled` (Boolean) Require devices to be reported as healthy by Windows Device Health Attestation - secure boot is enabled.
- `signature_out_of_date` (Boolean) Require Windows Defender Antimalware Signature to be up to date on Windows devices.
- `storage_require_encryption` (Boolean) Require encryption on windows devices.
- `tpm_required` (Boolean) Require Trusted Platform Module(TPM) to be present.
- `valid_operating_system_build_ranges` (Attributes Set) The valid operating system build ranges on Windows devices. This collection can contain a maximum of 10000 elements. / Operating System version range. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-operatingsystemversionrange?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--windows10--valid_operating_system_build_ranges))
- `virtualization_based_security_enabled` (Boolean) When TRUE, indicates that Virtualization-based Security is required to be reported as healthy by Microsoft Azure Attestion. When FALSE, indicates that Virtualization-based Security is not required to be reported as healthy.
- `wsl_distributions` (Attributes Set) https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-wsldistributionconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--windows10--wsl_distributions))

<a id="nestedatt--windows10--device_compliance_policy_script"></a>
### Nested Schema for `windows10.device_compliance_policy_script`

Read-Only:

- `device_compliance_script_id` (String) Device compliance script Id.
- `rules_content` (String) Json of the rules.


<a id="nestedatt--windows10--valid_operating_system_build_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `windows10.valid_operating_system_build_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of this range (e.g. Valid 1702 builds)
- `highest_version` (String) The highest inclusive version that this range contains.
- `lowest_version` (String) The lowest inclusive version that this range contains.


<a id="nestedatt--windows10--wsl_distributions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `windows10.wsl_distributions`

Read-Only:

- `distribution` (String) Linux distribution like Debian, Fedora, Ubuntu etc.
- `maximum_o_s_version` (String) Maximum supported operating system version of the linux version.
- `minimum_o_s_version` (String) Minimum supported operating system version of the linux version.
