---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_device_and_app_management_assignment_filter Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Assignments"
---

# microsoft365wp_device_and_app_management_assignment_filter (Data Source)

A class containing the properties used for Assignment Filter. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-policyset-deviceandappmanagementassignmentfilter?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_device_and_app_management_assignment_filter" "one" {
  id = "8808bb33-aa9c-4da7-a3fb-b92a4be8e001"
}

output "microsoft365wp_device_and_app_management_assignment_filter" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_device_and_app_management_assignment_filter.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Key of the Assignment Filter.

### Read-Only

- `assignment_filter_management_type` (String) Indicates filter is applied to either 'devices' or 'apps' management type. Possible values are devices, apps. Default filter will be applied to 'devices'. / Supported filter management types whether its devices or apps; possible values are: `devices` (Indicates when filter is supported based on device properties. This is the default value when management type resolution fails.), `apps` (Indicates when filter is supported based on app properties.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.)
- `created_date_time` (String) The creation time of the assignment filter. The value cannot be modified and is automatically populated during new assignment filter process. The timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the Assignment Filter.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the Assignment Filter.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) Last modified time of the Assignment Filter. The timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'
- `platform` (String) Indicates filter is applied to which flatform. Possible values are android,androidForWork,iOS,macOS,windowsPhone81,windows81AndLater,windows10AndLater,androidWorkProfile, unknown, androidAOSP, androidMobileApplicationManagement, iOSMobileApplicationManagement, windowsMobileApplicationManagement. Default filter will be applied to 'unknown'. / Supported platform types; possible values are: `android` (Indicates device platform type is android.), `androidForWork` (Indicates device platform type is android for work.), `iOS` (Indicates device platform type is iOS.), `macOS` (Indicates device platform type is macOS.), `windowsPhone81` (Indicates device platform type is WindowsPhone 8.1.), `windows81AndLater` (Indicates device platform type is Windows 8.1 and later.), `windows10AndLater` (Indicates device platform type is Windows 10 and later.), `androidWorkProfile` (Indicates device platform type is Android Work Profile.), `unknown` (This is the default value when device platform type resolution fails), `androidAOSP` (Indicates device platform type is Android AOSP.), `androidMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for android devices.), `iOSMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for iOS devices.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.), `windowsMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for Windows devices.)
- `role_scope_tags` (Set of String) Indicates role scope tags assigned for the assignment filter.
- `rule` (String) Rule definition of the assignment filter.
