---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_device_custom_attribute_shell_script Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Device management"
---

# microsoft365wp_device_custom_attribute_shell_script (Data Source)

Represents a custom attribute script for macOS. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-devices-devicecustomattributeshellscript?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_device_custom_attribute_shell_script" "one" {
  id = "fa3d00f2-2830-46f0-9bb4-4a0979ee7f46"
}

output "microsoft365wp_device_custom_attribute_shell_script" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_device_custom_attribute_shell_script.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique Identifier for the custom attribute entity.

### Read-Only

- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was created. This property is read-only.
- `custom_attribute_type` (String) The expected type of the custom attribute's value. / Represents the expected type for a macOS custom attribute script value; possible values are: `integer` (Indicates the value for a custom attribute script is an integer.), `string` (Indicates the value for a custom attribute script is a string.), `dateTime` (Indicates the value for a custom attribute script is a date conforming to ISO 8601.)
- `description` (String) Optional description for the device management script. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `display_name` (String) Name of the device management script.
- `file_name` (String) Script file name.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management script was last modified. This property is read-only.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tag IDs for this PowerShellScript instance. The _provider_ default value is `["0"]`.
- `run_as_account` (String) Indicates the type of execution context. / Indicates the type of execution context the app runs in; possible values are: `system` (System context), `user` (User context). The _provider_ default value is `"system"`.
- `script_content` (String) The script content.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.). The _provider_ default value is `"none"`.
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.
