---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_device_registration_policy Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Policies"
---

# microsoft365wp_device_registration_policy (Data Source)

Represents the policy scope that controls quota restrictions, additional authentication, and authorization policies to register device identities to your organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/deviceregistrationpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_device_registration_policy" "singleton" {
}

output "microsoft365wp_device_registration_policy" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_device_registration_policy.singleton
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `azure_ad_join` (Attributes) Specifies the authorization policy for controlling registration of new devices using **Microsoft Entra join** within your organization. Required. For more information, see [What is a device identity?](/azure/active-directory/devices/overview). / Represents the policy scope of the Microsoft Entra tenant that controls the ability for users and groups to register device identities to your organization using Microsoft Entra join. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/azureadjoinpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join))
- `azure_ad_registration` (Attributes) Specifies the authorization policy for controlling registration of new devices using **Microsoft Entra registered** within your organization. Required. For more information, see [What is a device identity?](/azure/active-directory/devices/overview). / Represents the policy scope of the Microsoft Entra tenant that controls the ability for users and groups to register device identities to your organization using **Microsoft Entra registered**. For more information, see [What is a device identity?](/azure/active-directory/devices/overview). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/azureadregistrationpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_registration))
- `description` (String) The description of the device registration policy. It's always set to `Tenant-wide policy that manages intial provisioning controls using quota restrictions, additional authentication and authorization checks`.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the device registration policy. It's always set to `Device Registration Policy`.
- `id` (String) The identifier of the device registration policy. It's always set to `deviceRegistrationPolicy`.
- `local_admin_password` (Attributes) Specifies the setting for **Local Admin Password Solution (LAPS)** within your organization. / Represents the policy scope of the Microsoft Entra tenant that controls the Local Admin Password Solution (LAPS) setting. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/localadminpasswordsettings?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--local_admin_password))
- `multi_factor_auth_configuration` (String) Specifies the authentication policy for a user to complete registration using **Microsoft Entra join** or **Microsoft Entra registered** within your organization. The / Possible values are: `notRequired`, `required`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `user_device_quota` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of devices that a user can have within your organization before blocking new device registrations. to 50. If this property isn't specified during the policy update operation, it's automatically reset to `0` to indicate that users aren't allowed to join any devices.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_to_join` (Attributes) Determines if Microsoft Entra join is allowed. / An abstract resource type indicating the scope that a device registration policy applies to. The derived types are [noDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/nodeviceregistrationmembership.md), [allDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/alldeviceregistrationmembership.md) and [enumeratedDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/enumerateddeviceregistrationmembership.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/deviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join))
- `is_admin_configurable` (Boolean) Determines if administrators can modify this policy.
- `local_admins` (Attributes) Determines who becomes a local administrator on joined devices. / Controls local administrators on Microsoft Entra-joined devices. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/localadminsettings?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins))

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.allowed_to_join`

Read-Only:

- `all` (Attributes) Indicates that this device registration policy applies to all users and groups. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/alldeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join--all))
- `enumerated` (Attributes) Indicates that this device registration policy applies to the enumerated users and groups. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/enumerateddeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join--enumerated))
- `no` (Attributes) Indicates that no users are allowed to join or register devices. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/nodeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join--no))

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.allowed_to_join.all`


<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join--enumerated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.allowed_to_join.enumerated`

Read-Only:

- `groups` (Set of String) List of groups that this policy applies to.
- `users` (Set of String) List of users that this policy applies to.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--allowed_to_join--no"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.allowed_to_join.no`



<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.local_admins`

Read-Only:

- `enable_global_admins` (Boolean) Indicates whether global administrators are local administrators on all Microsoft Entra-joined devices. This setting only applies to future registrations. Default is `true`.
- `registering_users` (Attributes) Determines the users and groups that become local administrators on Microsoft Entra joined devices that they register. / An abstract resource type indicating the scope that a device registration policy applies to. The derived types are [noDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/nodeviceregistrationmembership.md), [allDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/alldeviceregistrationmembership.md) and [enumeratedDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/enumerateddeviceregistrationmembership.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/deviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users))

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.local_admins.registering_users`

Read-Only:

- `all` (Attributes) Indicates that this device registration policy applies to all users and groups. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/alldeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users--all))
- `enumerated` (Attributes) Indicates that this device registration policy applies to the enumerated users and groups. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/enumerateddeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users--enumerated))
- `no` (Attributes) Indicates that no users are allowed to join or register devices. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/nodeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users--no))

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.local_admins.registering_users.all`


<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users--enumerated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.local_admins.registering_users.enumerated`

Read-Only:

- `groups` (Set of String) List of groups that this policy applies to.
- `users` (Set of String) List of users that this policy applies to.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_join--local_admins--registering_users--no"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_join.local_admins.registering_users.no`





<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_registration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_registration`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_to_register` (Attributes) Determines if Microsoft Entra registered is allowed. / An abstract resource type indicating the scope that a device registration policy applies to. The derived types are [noDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/nodeviceregistrationmembership.md), [allDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/alldeviceregistrationmembership.md) and [enumeratedDeviceRegistrationMembership](../resources/enumerateddeviceregistrationmembership.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/deviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register))
- `is_admin_configurable` (Boolean) Determines if administrators can modify this policy.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_registration.allowed_to_register`

Read-Only:

- `all` (Attributes) Indicates that this device registration policy applies to all users and groups. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/alldeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register--all))
- `enumerated` (Attributes) Indicates that this device registration policy applies to the enumerated users and groups. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/enumerateddeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register--enumerated))
- `no` (Attributes) Indicates that no users are allowed to join or register devices. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/nodeviceregistrationmembership?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register--no))

<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_registration.allowed_to_register.all`


<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register--enumerated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_registration.allowed_to_register.enumerated`

Read-Only:

- `groups` (Set of String) List of groups that this policy applies to.
- `users` (Set of String) List of users that this policy applies to.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_ad_registration--allowed_to_register--no"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_ad_registration.allowed_to_register.no`




<a id="nestedatt--local_admin_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_admin_password`

Read-Only:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether this policy scope is configurable by the admin. An admin can set it to true to enable Local Admin Password Solution (LAPS) within their organzation.
