---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_group Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Entra ID"
---

# microsoft365wp_group (Data Source)

Represents a Microsoft Entra group, which can be a Microsoft 365 group, a team in Microsoft Teams, or a security group.

For performance reasons, the [create](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-post-groups?view=graph-rest-beta), [get](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-get?view=graph-rest-beta), and [list](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-list?view=graph-rest-beta) operations return only a subset of more commonly used properties by default. These _default_ properties are noted in the [Properties](#properties) section. To get any of the properties not returned by default, specify them in a `$select` OData query option.

Also see [Microsoft docs for group](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/group?view=graph-rest-beta).

_Provider_ Note: This data source is only provided as a companion to `azuread_group` to allow for OData filtering. It is not planned to add more attributes or even provide a resource for this entity.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_group" "one" {
  id = "298fded6-b252-4166-a473-f405e935f58d"
}

output "microsoft365wp_group" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_group.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the group. <br/> Returned by default. Key. Not nullable. <br/> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `assigned_licenses` (Attributes Set) The licenses that are assigned to the group. <br/> Returned only on `$select`. Supports `$filter` (`eq`). <br/> Represents a license assigned to a user or group. The **assignedLicenses** property of the [user](user.md) or [group](group.md) entitity is a collection of **assignedLicense** objects. Also see [Microsoft docs for assignedLicense](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/assignedlicense?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assigned_licenses))
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the group. Required. Maximum length is 256 characters. <br/> Returned by default. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.

<a id="nestedatt--assigned_licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assigned_licenses`

Read-Only:

- `disabled_plans` (Set of String) A collection of the unique identifiers for plans that have been disabled. IDs are available in **servicePlans** > **servicePlanId** in the tenant's [subscribedSkus](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/subscribedsku?view=graph-rest-beta) or **serviceStatus** > **servicePlanId** in the tenant's [companySubscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/subscribedsku?view=graph-rest-beta).
- `sku_id` (String) The unique identifier for the SKU. Corresponds to the **skuId** from [subscribedSkus](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/subscribedsku?view=graph-rest-beta) or [companySubscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/companysubscription?view=graph-rest-beta).
