---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_lifecycle_management_settings Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Lifecycle workflows"
---

# microsoft365wp_identity_governance_lifecycle_management_settings (Data Source)

The settings of Microsoft Entra Lifecycle Workflows in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-lifecyclemanagementsettings?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_lifecycle_management_settings" "singleton" {
}

output "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_lifecycle_management_settings" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_identity_governance_lifecycle_management_settings.singleton
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `email_settings` (Attributes) Defines the settings for emails sent out from email-specific [tasks](../resources/identitygovernance-task.md) within workflows. Accepts 2 parameters<br><br>senderDomain- Defines the domain of who is sending the email. <br>useCompanyBranding- A Boolean value that defines if company branding is to be used with the email. / Defines the settings for emails sent from Lifecycle workflow [tasks](identitygovernance-task.md). Allows you to use a verified custom [domain](domain.md) and [organizationalBranding](organizationalbranding.md) with emails sent out via workflow tasks. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/emailsettings?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email_settings))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `workflow_schedule_interval_in_hours` (Number) The interval in hours at which all [workflows](../resources/identitygovernance-workflow.md) running in the tenant should be scheduled for execution. This interval has a minimum value of 1 and a maximum value of 24. hours.

<a id="nestedatt--email_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email_settings`

Read-Only:

- `sender_domain` (String) Specifies the [domain](domain.md) that should be used when sending email notifications. This domain must be [verified](../api/domain-verify.md) in order to be used. We recommend that you use a domain that has the appropriate DNS records to facilitate email validation, like SPF, DKIM, DMARC, and MX, because this then complies with the [RFC compliance](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2142.txt) for sending and receiving email. For details, see [Learn more about Exchange Online Email Routing](/exchange/mail-flow-best-practices/mail-flow-best-practices).
- `use_company_branding` (Boolean) Specifies if the organization’s banner logo should be included in email notifications. The banner logo will replace the Microsoft logo at the top of the email notification. If `true` the banner logo will be taken from the tenant’s [branding settings](organizationalbranding.md). This value can only be set to `true` if the [organizationalBranding](organizationalbranding.md) **bannerLogo** property is set.
