---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflows Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Lifecycle workflows"
---

# microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflows (Data Source)

Represents workflows created using Lifecycle Workflows. Workflows, when triggered by execution conditions, automate parts of the lifecycle management process using tasks. These tasks can either be built-in tasks, or a custom task can be called using the custom task extension which integrate with Azure Logic Apps.

You can create up to 100 workflows in a tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflow?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflows" "all" {}

output "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflows" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflows.all.identity_governance_workflows : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `identity_governance_workflows` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_governance_workflows))

<a id="nestedatt--identity_governance_workflows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_governance_workflows`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) The category of the HR function supported by the workflows created using this template. A workflow can only belong to one category. The Required.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`,`ne`) and `$orderby` / Possible values are: `joiner`, `leaver`, `unknownFutureValue`, `mover`
- `created_date_time` (String) When the `workflow` was created.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`lt`, `le`, `gt`, `ge`, `eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
- `deleted_date_time` (String) When the workflow was deleted.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`lt`, `le`, `gt`, `ge`, `eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the `workflow`. Required.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `orderby`.
- `id` (String) Identifier used for individually addressing a specific workflow.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the workflow is enabled or disabled. If this setting is `true`, the workflow can be run on demand or on schedule when **isSchedulingEnabled** is `true`. Optional. Defaults to `true`.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `orderBy`.
- `is_scheduling_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, the Lifecycle Workflow engine executes the workflow based on the schedule defined by [tenant settings](identitygovernance-lifecyclemanagementsettings.md). Cannot be `true` for a disabled workflow (where **isEnabled** is `false`). Optional. Defaults to `false`.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `orderBy`.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date time when the `workflow` was last modified.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`lt`, `le`, `gt`, `ge`, `eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
- `version` (Number) The current version number of the workflow. Value is 1 when the workflow is first created.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`lt`, `le`, `gt`, `ge`, `eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
