---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflow_version Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Lifecycle workflows"
---

# microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflow_version (Data Source)

Represents a version of a [lifecycle workflow](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflowversion?view=graph-rest-beta). Workflow versions are subsequent versions of workflows you can create when you need to change the workflow configuration other than its basic properties. You can view older versions of the workflow and associated reports will note which workflow version had been run. <br/> Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.workflowVersion](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflowversion?view=graph-rest-beta).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflow_version" "one" {
  workflow_id    = "5fe4688c-3b34-481b-b5d2-a5f3033acade"
  version_number = 2
}

output "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflow_version" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_identity_governance_workflow_version.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workflow_id` (String)

### Optional

- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `version_number` (String) The version of the workflow.

### Read-Only

- `administration_scope_targets` (Attributes Set) The [administrative units](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/administrativeunit?view=graph-rest-beta) in the scope of the workflow. Optional. <br/> Supports `$expand`. <br/> Represents a Microsoft Entra object. The **directoryObject** type is the base type for the following directory entity types generally referred to as directory objects:. Also see [Microsoft docs for directoryObject](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/directoryobject?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--administration_scope_targets))
- `category` (String) The category of the HR function supported by the workflows created using this template. A workflow can only belong to one category. <br/> Supports `$filter`(`eq`,`ne`) and `$orderby` <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `joiner`, `leaver`, `unknownFutureValue`, `mover`.
- `created_by` (Attributes) The user who created the workflow. <br/> Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `$expand`. <br/> Represents an Azure Active Directory user object. Also see [Microsoft docs for user](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-user?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_by))
- `created_date_time` (String) The date time when the `workflow` was versioned. <br/> Supports `$filter`(`lt`, `le`, `gt`, `ge`, `eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
- `description` (String) The description of the `workflowversion`.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the `workflowversion`. <br/> Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `orderby`.
- `execution_conditions` (Attributes) Conditions describing when to execute the workflow and the criteria to identify in-scope subject set. / The workflowExecutionConditions type notes the workflow execution conditions in [workflowTemplate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflowtemplate?view=graph-rest-beta) and [workflowBase](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflowbase?view=graph-rest-beta) objects. Execution conditions define when a workflow runs and rules that identify the users that are the target of the workflow. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.workflowExecutionConditions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflowexecutionconditions?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions))
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the workflow is enabled or disabled. If this setting is `true`, the workflow can be run on demand or on schedule when **isSchedulingEnabled** is `true`. <br/> Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `orderBy`.
- `is_scheduling_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, the Lifecycle Workflow engine executes the workflow based on the schedule defined by tenant settings. Cannot be `true` for a disabled workflow (where **isEnabled** is `false`). <br/> Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `orderBy`.
- `last_modified_by` (Attributes) The user who last modified the workflow. <br/> Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `$expand`. <br/> Represents an Azure Active Directory user object. Also see [Microsoft docs for user](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-user?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_modified_by))
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date time when the `workflow` was last modified. <br/> Supports `$filter`(`lt`, `le`, `gt`, `ge`, `eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
- `tasks` (Attributes Set) The tasks in the workflow. / Represents a task, such as a piece of work or personal item, that can be tracked and completed. A **task** is always contained in a [base task list](basetasklist.md). Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.task](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/task?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tasks))

<a id="nestedatt--administration_scope_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `administration_scope_targets`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the object. For example, 12345678-9abc-def0-1234-56789abcde. The value of the **id** property is often but not exclusively in the form of a GUID; treat it as an opaque identifier and do not rely on it being a GUID. Key. Not nullable.


<a id="nestedatt--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_by`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The user identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions`

Read-Only:

- `on_demand_execution_only` (Attributes) Represents the execution condition of a [lifecycle workflow](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflow?view=graph-rest-beta) running on-demand only instead of by schedule. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.onDemandExecutionOnly](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-ondemandexecutiononly?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--on_demand_execution_only))
- `trigger_and_scope_based_conditions` (Attributes) Represents a lifecycle workflow running by schedule, who it runs for, and what triggers the workflow to run. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.triggerAndScopeBasedConditions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-triggerandscopebasedconditions?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--on_demand_execution_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.on_demand_execution_only`


<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions`

Read-Only:

- `scope` (Attributes) Defines who the workflow runs for. <br/> A shared object that is used in entitlement management access package assignment policies, role management policies, and lifecycle workflows. <br/> This object is an abstract base type from which the following resources are derived:. Also see [Microsoft docs for subjectSet](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/subjectset?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope))
- `trigger` (Attributes) What triggers a workflow to run. / The workflowExecutionTrigger type represents the workflow execution trigger when the [workflow runs on schedule](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-triggerandscopebasedconditions?view=graph-rest-beta). Inherited by the following derived types:. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.workflowExecutionTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflowexecutiontrigger?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger))

<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.scope`

Read-Only:

- `group` (Attributes) Defines the group that is the scope of a lifecycle workflow [membershipChangeTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-membershipchangetrigger?view=graph-rest-beta) configuration. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.groupBasedSubjectSet](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-groupbasedsubjectset?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope--group))
- `rule` (Attributes) Specifies the rules to define the subjects that are the scope of a lifecycle workflow [triggerAndScopeBasedConditions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-triggerandscopebasedconditions?view=graph-rest-beta) configuration. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.ruleBasedSubjectSet](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-rulebasedsubjectset?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope--rule))

<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.scope.group`

Read-Only:

- `groups` (Attributes Set) The specific group a user is interacting with in a [membershipChangeTrigger](identitygovernance-membershipchangetrigger.md) workflow. <br/> Represents a Microsoft Entra group, which can be a Microsoft 365 group, a team in Microsoft Teams, or a security group. <br/> For performance reasons, the [create](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-post-groups?view=graph-rest-beta), [get](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-get?view=graph-rest-beta), and [list](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-list?view=graph-rest-beta) operations return only a subset of more commonly used properties by default. These _default_ properties are noted in the [Properties](#properties) section. To get any of the properties not returned by default, specify them in a `$select` OData query option. Also see [Microsoft docs for group](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/group?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope--group--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope--group--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.scope.group.groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the group. <br/> Returned by default. Key. Not nullable. <br/> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).



<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--scope--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.scope.rule`

Read-Only:

- `rule` (String) The rule for the subject set. Lifecycle Workflows supports a rich set of [user properties](user.md#properties) for configuring the rules using `$filter` query expressions. For more information, see [supported user and query parameters](#supported-user-properties-and-query-parameters).



<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.trigger`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_change` (Attributes) Represents changes in user attributes that trigger the execution of workload conditions for a user. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.attributeChangeTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-attributechangetrigger?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--attribute_change))
- `membership_change` (Attributes) Represents the change in group membership that triggers the execution conditions of a workflow for a user. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.membershipChangeTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-membershipchangetrigger?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--membership_change))
- `time_based_attribute` (Attributes) Trigger based on a time-based attribute for initiating the execution of a [lifecycle workflow](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflow?view=graph-rest-beta). The combination of scope and trigger conditions determines when a workflow is executed and on which identities. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.timeBasedAttributeTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-timebasedattributetrigger?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--time_based_attribute))
- `user_inactivity` (Attributes) Represents a trigger based on user inactivity that initiates workflow execution for a user. Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.userInactivityTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-userinactivitytrigger?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--user_inactivity))

<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--attribute_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.trigger.attribute_change`

Read-Only:

- `trigger_attributes` (Attributes Set) The trigger attribute being changed that triggers the workflowexecutiontrigger of a workflow.) / Defines the trigger attribute, which is changed to activate a workflow using an [attributeChangeTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-attributechangetrigger?view=graph-rest-beta). Also see [Microsoft docs for identityGovernance.triggerAttribute](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-triggerattribute?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--attribute_change--trigger_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--attribute_change--trigger_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.trigger.attribute_change.trigger_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the trigger attribute that is changed to trigger an [attributeChangeTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-attributechangetrigger?view=graph-rest-beta) workflow.



<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--membership_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.trigger.membership_change`

Read-Only:

- `change_type` (String) Defines what change that happens to the workflow group to trigger the [workflowExecutionTrigger](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-workflowexecutiontrigger?view=graph-rest-beta). <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `add`, `remove`, `unknownFutureValue`.


<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--time_based_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.trigger.time_based_attribute`

Read-Only:

- `offset_in_days` (Number) How many days before or after the time-based attribute specified the workflow should trigger. For example, if the attribute is `employeeHireDate` and offsetInDays is -1, then the workflow should trigger one day before the employee hire date. The value can range between -180 and 180 days.
- `time_based_attribute` (String) Determines which time-based identity property to reference. <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `employeeHireDate`, `employeeLeaveDateTime`, `unknownFutureValue`, `createdDateTime`.


<a id="nestedatt--execution_conditions--trigger_and_scope_based_conditions--trigger--user_inactivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_conditions.trigger_and_scope_based_conditions.trigger.user_inactivity`

Read-Only:

- `inactivity_period_in_days` (Number) The number of days a user must be inactive before triggering workflow execution.





<a id="nestedatt--last_modified_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_modified_by`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The user identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--tasks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tasks`

Read-Only:

- `arguments` (Attributes Set) Key value pair for storing custom settings. Also see [Microsoft docs for keyValuePair](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-keyvaluepair?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tasks--arguments))
- `category` (String) _Provider_ allowed values are: `joiner`, `leaver`, `unknownFutureValue`, `mover`.
- `continue_on_error` (Boolean)
- `description` (String)
- `display_name` (String) The name of the task.
- `execution_sequence` (Number)
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the task. By default, this value will not change if a task is moved from one list to another.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean)
- `task_definition_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--tasks--arguments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tasks.arguments`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name for this key-value pair
- `value` (String) Value for this key-value pair
