---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Lifecycle workflows"
---

# microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition (Data Source)

Represents the built-in tasks that you can use to construct tasks for lifecycle workflows. Each task has a unique template identifier. For a full list of available built-in tasks, see [Configure the arguments for built-in Lifecycle Workflow tasks](/graph/identitygovernance-lifecycleworkflows-task-arguments). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-taskdefinition?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition" "one" {
  id = "c1ec1e76-f374-4375-aaa6-0bb6bd4c60be"
}

output "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition_1" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition.one
}

data "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition" "two" {
  display_name = "Send email to notify manager of user move"
}

output "microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition_2" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_identity_governance_task_definition.two
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the taskDefinition.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the taskDefinition.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `category` (String) The category of the HR function that the tasks created using this definition can be used with. The This is a multi-valued enumeration whose allowed combinations are `joiner`, `joiner,leaver`, or `leaver`.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`eq`, `ne`, `has`) and `$orderby`. / Possible values are: `joiner`, `leaver`, `unknownFutureValue`, `mover`
- `continue_on_error` (Boolean) Defines if the workflow will continue if the task has an error.
- `description` (String) The description of the taskDefinition.
- `parameters` (Attributes Set) The parameters that must be supplied when creating a workflow task object.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`any`). / Represents the allowed arguments that are defined in a [taskDefinition](../resources/identitygovernance-taskdefinition.md) for built-in lifecycle workflow tasks. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitygovernance-parameter?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `version` (Number) The version number of the taskDefinition. New records are pushed when we add support for new parameters.<br><br>Supports `$filter`(`ge`, `gt`, `le`, `lt`, `eq`, `ne`) and `$orderby`.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the parameter.
- `value_type` (String) The value type of the parameter. The / Possible values are: `enum`, `string`, `int`, `bool`, `unknownFutureValue`
- `values` (Set of String) The values of the parameter.
