---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Mobile app management (MAM)"
---

# microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile (Data Source)

This entity contains data which is used in customizing the tenant level appearance of the Company Portal applications as well as the end user web portal. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-wip-intunebrandingprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: There have been **nonspecific errors reported when trying to _assign_ with application permissions** (even though the MS docs state that it should be possible)! Empty `assignments` or using delegated permissions both seemed to work in our tests, though.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile" "one" {
  id = "2d7aa309-0a8d-42a1-94bb-323c6d95040f"
}

output "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile_one" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile.one
}

data "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile" "default" {
  is_default_profile = true
}

output "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile_default" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile.default
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) Company/organization name that is displayed to end users
- `id` (String) Profile Key
- `is_default_profile` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the profile is used as default or not
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `profile_name` (String) Name of the profile

### Read-Only

- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `company_portal_blocked_actions` (Attributes Set) Collection of blocked actions on the company portal as per platform and device ownership types. / Blocked actions on the company portal as per platform and device ownership types / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-companyportalblockedaction?view=graph-rest-beta  
Provider Note: (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--company_portal_blocked_actions))
- `contact_it_email_address` (String) E-mail address of the person/organization responsible for IT support.
- `contact_it_name` (String) Name of the person/organization responsible for IT support.
- `contact_it_notes` (String) Text comments regarding the person/organization responsible for IT support.
- `contact_it_phone_number` (String) Phone number of the person/organization responsible for IT support.
- `created_date_time` (String) Time when the BrandingProfile was created
- `custom_can_see_privacy_message` (String) Text comments regarding what the admin has access to on the device.
- `custom_cant_see_privacy_message` (String) Text comments regarding what the admin doesn't have access to on the device.
- `disable_device_category_selection` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if Device Category Selection will be shown in Company Portal.
- `enrollment_availability` (String) Customized device enrollment flow displayed to the end user . / Options available for enrollment flow customization; possible values are: `availableWithPrompts` (Device enrollment flow is shown to the end user with guided enrollment prompts), `availableWithoutPrompts` (Device enrollment flow is available to the end user without guided enrollment prompts), `unavailable` (Device enrollment flow is unavailable to the enduser).
- `is_factory_reset_disabled` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the adminsistrator has disabled the 'Factory Reset' action on corporate owned devices.
- `is_remove_device_disabled` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the adminsistrator has disabled the 'Remove Device' action on corporate owned devices.
- `landing_page_customized_image` (Attributes) Customized image displayed in Company Portal apps landing page / Contains properties for a generic mime content. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-mimecontent?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--landing_page_customized_image))
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) Time when the BrandingProfile was last modified
- `light_background_logo` (Attributes) Logo image displayed in Company Portal apps which have a light background behind the logo / Contains properties for a generic mime content. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-mimecontent?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--light_background_logo))
- `online_support_site_name` (String) Display name of the company/organization’s IT helpdesk site.
- `online_support_site_url` (String) URL to the company/organization’s IT helpdesk site.
- `privacy_url` (String) URL to the company/organization’s privacy policy
- `profile_description` (String) Description of the profile.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of scope tags assigned to the branding profile.
- `send_device_ownership_change_push_notification` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if a push notification is sent to users when their device ownership type changes from personal to corporate.
- `show_azure_ad_enterprise_apps` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if AzureAD Enterprise Apps will be shown in Company Portal.
- `show_configuration_manager_apps` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if Configuration Manager Apps will be shown in Company Portal.
- `show_display_name_next_to_logo` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the administrator-supplied display name will be shown next to the logo image or not.
- `show_logo` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the administrator-supplied logo images are shown or not.
- `show_office_web_apps` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if Office WebApps will be shown in Company Portal.
- `theme_color` (Attributes) Primary theme color used in the Company Portal applications and web portal / Color in RGB. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-rgbcolor?view=graph-rest-beta  
Provider Note: (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--theme_color))
- `theme_color_logo` (Attributes) Logo image displayed in Company Portal apps which have a theme color background behind the logo / Contains properties for a generic mime content. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-mimecontent?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--theme_color_logo))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.).
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--company_portal_blocked_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `company_portal_blocked_actions`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Device Action. / Action on a device that can be executed in the Company Portal; possible values are: `unknown` (Unknown device action), `remove` (Remove device from Company Portal), `reset` (Reset device enrolled in Company Portal)
- `owner_type` (String) Device ownership type. / Owner type of device; possible values are: `unknown` (Unknown.), `company` (Owned by company.), `personal` (Owned by person.)
- `platform` (String) Device OS/Platform. / Supported platform types; possible values are: `android` (Indicates device platform type is android.), `androidForWork` (Indicates device platform type is android for work.), `iOS` (Indicates device platform type is iOS.), `macOS` (Indicates device platform type is macOS.), `windowsPhone81` (Indicates device platform type is WindowsPhone 8.1.), `windows81AndLater` (Indicates device platform type is Windows 8.1 and later.), `windows10AndLater` (Indicates device platform type is Windows 10 and later.), `androidWorkProfile` (Indicates device platform type is Android Work Profile.), `unknown` (This is the default value when device platform type resolution fails), `androidAOSP` (Indicates device platform type is Android AOSP.), `androidMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for android devices.), `iOSMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for iOS devices.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.), `windowsMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for Windows devices.)


<a id="nestedatt--landing_page_customized_image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `landing_page_customized_image`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Indicates the content mime type.
- `value_base64` (String) The byte array that contains the actual content.


<a id="nestedatt--light_background_logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `light_background_logo`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Indicates the content mime type.
- `value_base64` (String) The byte array that contains the actual content.


<a id="nestedatt--theme_color"></a>
### Nested Schema for `theme_color`

Read-Only:

- `b` (Number) Blue value
- `g` (Number) Green value
- `r` (Number) Red value


<a id="nestedatt--theme_color_logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `theme_color_logo`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Indicates the content mime type.
- `value_base64` (String) The byte array that contains the actual content.
