---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Mobile app management (MAM)"
---

# microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles (Data Source)

This entity contains data which is used in customizing the tenant level appearance of the Company Portal applications as well as the end user web portal. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-wip-intunebrandingprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: There have been **nonspecific errors reported when trying to _assign_ with application permissions** (even though the MS docs state that it should be possible)! Empty `assignments` or using delegated permissions both seemed to work in our tests, though.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles" "all" {
}

output "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles_all" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles.all.intune_branding_profiles : x.id => x }
}

data "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles" "not_default" {
  is_default_profile = false
}

output "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles_not_default" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profiles.not_default.intune_branding_profiles : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) Company/organization name that is displayed to end users
- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `is_default_profile` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the profile is used as default or not
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `profile_name` (String) Name of the profile

### Read-Only

- `intune_branding_profiles` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intune_branding_profiles))

<a id="nestedatt--intune_branding_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intune_branding_profiles`

Read-Only:

- `created_date_time` (String) Time when the BrandingProfile was created
- `display_name` (String) Company/organization name that is displayed to end users
- `id` (String) Profile Key
- `is_default_profile` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the profile is used as default or not
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) Time when the BrandingProfile was last modified
- `profile_name` (String) Name of the profile
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of scope tags assigned to the branding profile.
