---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365wp_ios_managed_app_protection Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# microsoft365wp_ios_managed_app_protection (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "tfp-c4a8-workplace.c4a8.io/c4a8/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_ios_managed_app_protection" "one" {
  id = "T_b928a553-c00b-4aa3-bb9e-98305b7ba3b6"
}

output "microsoft365wp_ios_managed_app_protection" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_ios_managed_app_protection.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `allow_widget_content_sync` (Boolean) Indicates  if content sync for widgets is allowed for iOS on App Protection Policies
- `allowed_data_ingestion_locations` (Set of String)
- `allowed_data_storage_locations` (Set of String)
- `allowed_inbound_data_transfer_sources` (String)
- `allowed_ios_device_models` (String) Semicolon seperated list of device models allowed, as a string, for the managed app to work.
- `allowed_outbound_clipboard_sharing_exception_length` (Number)
- `allowed_outbound_clipboard_sharing_level` (String)
- `allowed_outbound_data_transfer_destinations` (String)
- `app_action_if_account_is_clocked_out` (String) Defines a managed app behavior, either block or warn, if the user is clocked out (non-working time).
- `app_action_if_device_compliance_required` (String)
- `app_action_if_ios_device_model_not_allowed` (String) Defines a managed app behavior, either block or wipe, if the specified device model is not allowed.
- `app_action_if_maximum_pin_retries_exceeded` (String)
- `app_action_if_unable_to_authenticate_user` (String)
- `app_data_encryption_type` (String) Type of encryption which should be used for data in a managed app.
- `app_group_type` (String) Public Apps selection: group or individual
- `apps` (Attributes Set) List of apps to which the policy is deployed. / The identifier for the deployment an app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps))
- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `block_data_ingestion_into_organization_documents` (Boolean)
- `contact_sync_blocked` (Boolean)
- `created_date_time` (String)
- `custom_browser_protocol` (String) A custom browser protocol to open weblink on iOS. When this property is configured, ManagedBrowserToOpenLinksRequired should be true.
- `custom_dialer_app_protocol` (String) Protocol of a custom dialer app to click-to-open a phone number on iOS, for example, skype:.
- `data_backup_blocked` (Boolean)
- `deployed_app_count` (Number) Count of apps to which the current policy is deployed.
- `description` (String)
- `device_compliance_required` (Boolean)
- `dialer_restriction_level` (String)
- `disable_app_pin_if_device_pin_is_set` (Boolean)
- `disable_protection_of_managed_outbound_open_in_data` (Boolean) Disable protection of data transferred to other apps through IOS OpenIn option. This setting is only allowed to be True when AllowedOutboundDataTransferDestinations is set to ManagedApps.
- `display_name` (String)
- `exempted_app_protocols` (Attributes Set) Apps in this list will be exempt from the policy and will be able to receive data from managed apps. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-keyValuePair?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exempted_app_protocols))
- `exempted_universal_links` (Set of String) A list of custom urls that are allowed to invocate an unmanaged app
- `face_id_blocked` (Boolean) Indicates whether use of the FaceID is allowed in place of a pin if PinRequired is set to True.
- `filter_open_in_to_only_managed_apps` (Boolean) Defines if open-in operation is supported from the managed app to the filesharing locations selected. This setting only applies when AllowedOutboundDataTransferDestinations is set to ManagedApps and DisableProtectionOfManagedOutboundOpenInData is set to False.
- `fingerprint_blocked` (Boolean)
- `grace_period_to_block_apps_during_off_clock_hours` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_assigned` (Boolean) Indicates if the policy is deployed to any inclusion groups or not.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String)
- `managed_browser` (String)
- `managed_browser_to_open_links_required` (Boolean)
- `managed_universal_links` (Set of String) A list of custom urls that are allowed to invocate a managed app
- `maximum_allowed_device_threat_level` (String)
- `maximum_pin_retries` (Number)
- `maximum_required_os_version` (String)
- `maximum_warning_os_version` (String)
- `maximum_wipe_os_version` (String)
- `messaging_redirect_app_url_scheme` (String) When a specific app redirection is enforced by protectedMessagingRedirectAppType in an App Protection Policy, this value defines the app url redirect schemes which are allowed to be used.
- `minimum_pin_length` (Number)
- `minimum_required_app_version` (String)
- `minimum_required_os_version` (String)
- `minimum_required_sdk_version` (String) Versions less than the specified version will block the managed app from accessing company data.
- `minimum_warning_app_version` (String)
- `minimum_warning_os_version` (String)
- `minimum_warning_sdk_version` (String) Versions less than the specified version will result in warning message on the managed app from accessing company data.
- `minimum_wipe_app_version` (String)
- `minimum_wipe_os_version` (String)
- `minimum_wipe_sdk_version` (String) Versions less than the specified version will block the managed app from accessing company data.
- `mobile_threat_defense_partner_priority` (String)
- `mobile_threat_defense_remediation_action` (String)
- `notification_restriction` (String)
- `organizational_credentials_required` (Boolean)
- `period_before_pin_reset` (String)
- `period_offline_before_access_check` (String)
- `period_offline_before_wipe_is_enforced` (String)
- `period_online_before_access_check` (String)
- `pin_character_set` (String)
- `pin_required` (Boolean)
- `pin_required_instead_of_biometric_timeout` (String)
- `previous_pin_block_count` (Number)
- `print_blocked` (Boolean)
- `protect_inbound_data_from_unknown_sources` (Boolean) Protect incoming data from unknown source. This setting is only allowed to be True when AllowedInboundDataTransferSources is set to AllApps.
- `protected_messaging_redirect_app_type` (String)
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String)
- `save_as_blocked` (Boolean)
- `simple_pin_blocked` (Boolean)
- `targeted_app_management_levels` (String) The intended app management levels for this policy
- `third_party_keyboards_blocked` (Boolean) Defines if third party keyboards are allowed while accessing a managed app
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (Attributes) The identifier for an app with it's operating system type. / The identifier for a mobile app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--app_id))

<a id="nestedatt--apps--app_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.app_id`

Read-Only:

- `ios` (Attributes) The identifier for an iOS app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--app_id--ios))

<a id="nestedatt--apps--app_id--ios"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.app_id.ios`

Read-Only:

- `bundle_id` (String) The identifier for an app, as specified in the app store.




<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceAndAppManagementAssignmentTarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-allDevicesAssignmentTarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-allLicensedUsersAssignmentTarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusionGroupAssignmentTarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The Id of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include.
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupAssignmentTarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--exempted_app_protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exempted_app_protocols`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


