---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_managed_device_mobile_app_configuration Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: App management"
---

# microsoft365wp_managed_device_mobile_app_configuration (Data Source)

An abstract class for Mobile app configuration for enrolled devices. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-apps-manageddevicemobileappconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_managed_device_mobile_app_configuration" "one" {
  id = "aa4d5339-6c93-4a52-8b3e-25f79805bdc6"
}

output "microsoft365wp_managed_device_mobile_app_configuration" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_managed_device_mobile_app_configuration.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Key of the entity.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `android_managed_store` (Attributes) Contains properties, inherited properties and actions for Android Enterprise mobile app configurations. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-apps-androidmanagedstoreappconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--android_managed_store))
- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was created.
- `description` (String) Admin provided description of the Device Configuration.
- `display_name` (String) Admin provided name of the device configuration.
- `ios` (Attributes) Contains properties, inherited properties and actions for iOS mobile app configurations. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-apps-iosmobileappconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ios))
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was last modified.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this App configuration entity.
- `targeted_mobile_apps` (Set of String) the associated app.
- `version` (Number) Version of the device configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--android_managed_store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `android_managed_store`

Read-Only:

- `app_supports_oem_config` (Boolean) Whether or not this AppConfig is an OEMConfig policy. This property is
- `connected_apps_enabled` (Boolean) Setting to specify whether to allow ConnectedApps experience for this app.
- `package_id` (String) Android Enterprise app configuration package id.
- `payload_json` (String) Android Enterprise app configuration JSON payload.
- `permission_actions` (Attributes Set) List of Android app permissions and corresponding permission actions. / Mapping between an Android app permission and the action Android should take when that permission is requested. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-apps-androidpermissionaction?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--android_managed_store--permission_actions))
- `profile_applicability` (String) Android Enterprise profile applicability (AndroidWorkProfile, DeviceOwner, or default (applies to both)). / Android profile applicability; possible values are: `default`, `androidWorkProfile`, `androidDeviceOwner`

<a id="nestedatt--android_managed_store--permission_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `android_managed_store.permission_actions`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Type of Android permission action. / Android action taken when an app requests a dangerous permission; possible values are: `prompt`, `autoGrant`, `autoDeny`
- `permission` (String) Android permission string, defined in the official Android documentation.  Example 'android.permission.READ_CONTACTS'.



<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.).
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--ios"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ios`

Read-Only:

- `encoded_setting_xml` (String) mdm app configuration Base64 binary.
- `settings` (Attributes Set) app configuration setting items. / Contains properties for App configuration setting item. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-apps-appconfigurationsettingitem?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ios--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--ios--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ios.settings`

Read-Only:

- `app_config_key` (String) app configuration key.
- `app_config_key_type` (String) app configuration key type. / App configuration key types; possible values are: `stringType`, `integerType`, `realType`, `booleanType`, `tokenType`
- `app_config_key_value` (String) app configuration key value.
