---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: App management"
---

# microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy (Data Source)

In Microsoft Entra ID, a mobility management policy represents an autoenrollment configuration for a mobility management (MDM or MAM) application. These policies are only applicable to devices based on Windows 10 OS and its derivatives such as Surface Hub and HoloLens. [Autoenrollment](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/client-management/azure-ad-and-microsoft-intune-automatic-mdm-enrollment-in-the-new-portal) automatically enrolls Windows 10 devices into mobility management applications during [Microsoft Entra join](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/devices/concept-directory-join) or [Microsoft Entra register](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/devices/concept-device-registration) processes. <br/> Also see [Microsoft docs for mobilityManagementPolicy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/mobilitymanagementpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta).

_Provider_ Note: Please note that MS Graph does currently (as of 2025-02) not allow to update (or even read) this entity using
application permissions but only using work or school account delegated permissions (also see
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/mobiledevicemanagementpolicies-get?view=graph-rest-beta#permissions).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}


data "azuread_application_published_app_ids" "well_known" {}

data "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy" "device" {
  policy_type = "device"
  id          = data.azuread_application_published_app_ids.well_known.result.MicrosoftIntune
}

output "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy_device" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy.device
}

data "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy" "app" {
  policy_type = "app"
  id          = data.azuread_application_published_app_ids.well_known.result.MicrosoftIntune
}

output "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy_app" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policy.app
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_type` (String) _Provider_ Note: Type of policy - must either be `device` or `app`

### Optional

- `id` (String) Object Id of the mobility management application.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `applies_to` (String) Indicates the user scope of the mobility management policy. <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `none`, `all`, `selected`, `unknownFutureValue`.  
_Provider_ Note: Please note that this attribute's value must be `selected` if `included_groups` contains any entries.
- `compliance_url` (String) Compliance URL of the mobility management application.
- `description` (String) Description of the mobility management application.
- `discovery_url` (String) Discovery URL of the mobility management application.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the mobility management application.
- `included_groups` (Attributes Set) Microsoft Entra groups under the scope of the mobility management application if appliesTo is `selected` <br/> Represents a Microsoft Entra group, which can be a Microsoft 365 group, a team in Microsoft Teams, or a security group. <br/> For performance reasons, the [create](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-post-groups?view=graph-rest-beta), [get](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-get?view=graph-rest-beta), and [list](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-list?view=graph-rest-beta) operations return only a subset of more commonly used properties by default. These _default_ properties are noted in the [Properties](#properties) section. To get any of the properties not returned by default, specify them in a `$select` OData query option. Also see [Microsoft docs for group](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/group?view=graph-rest-beta). <br/>  
_Provider_ Note: Please note that this attribute's must not contain any entries if `applies_to` is `none` or `all`. <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--included_groups))
- `is_valid` (Boolean) Whether policy is valid. Invalid policies may not be updated and should be deleted.
- `terms_of_use_url` (String) Terms of Use URL of the mobility management application.

<a id="nestedatt--included_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `included_groups`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name for the group. Required. Maximum length is 256 characters. <br/> Returned by default. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the group. <br/> Returned by default. Key. Not nullable. <br/> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).
