---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Directory management"
---

# microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies (Data Source)

In Microsoft Entra ID, a mobility management policy represents an autoenrollment configuration for a mobility management (MDM or MAM) application. These policies are only applicable to devices based on Windows 10 OS and its derivatives (Surface Hub, HoloLens etc.). [Autoenrollment](/windows/client-management/mdm/azure-ad-and-microsoft-intune-automatic-mdm-enrollment-in-the-new-portal) enables organizations to automatically enroll devices into their chosen mobility management application as part of [Microsoft Entra join](/azure/active-directory/devices/concept-azure-ad-join) or [Microsoft Entra register](/azure/active-directory/devices/concept-azure-ad-register) process on Windows 10 devices. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/mobilitymanagementpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: Please note that MS Graph does currently (as of 2025-02) not allow to update (or even read) this entity using
application permissions but only using work or school account delegated permissions (also see
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/mobiledevicemanagementpolicies-get?view=graph-rest-beta#permissions).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}


data "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies" "device" {
  policy_type = "device"
}

output "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies_device" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies.device.mobility_management_policies : x.id => x }
}

data "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies" "app" {
  policy_type = "app"
}

output "microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies_app" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_mobility_management_policies.app.mobility_management_policies : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_type` (String) Provider Note: Type of policy - must either be `device` or `app`

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `mobility_management_policies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mobility_management_policies))

<a id="nestedatt--mobility_management_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mobility_management_policies`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Display name of the mobility management application.
- `id` (String) Object Id of the mobility management application.
