---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_notification_message_template Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Device management"
---

# microsoft365wp_notification_message_template (Data Source)

Notification messages are messages that are sent to end users who are determined to be not-compliant with the compliance policies defined by the administrator. Administrators choose notifications and configure them in the Intune Admin Console using the compliance policy creation page under the “Actions for non-compliance” section. Use the notificationMessageTemplate object to create your own custom notifications for administrators to choose while configuring actions for non-compliance. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-notification-notificationmessagetemplate?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_notification_message_template" "one" {
  id = "23a1cb09-1b64-42e7-8155-5be7a3d55fc8"
}

output "microsoft365wp_notification_message_template" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_notification_message_template.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Key of the entity.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `branding_options` (String) The Message Template Branding Options. Branding is defined in the Intune Admin Console. / Branding Options for the Message Template. Branding is defined in the Intune Admin Console; possible values are: `none` (Indicates that no branding options are set in the message template.), `includeCompanyLogo` (Indicates to include company logo in the message template.), `includeCompanyName` (Indicates to include company name in the message template.), `includeContactInformation` (Indicates to include contact information in the message template.), `includeCompanyPortalLink` (Indicates to include company portal website link in the message template.), `includeDeviceDetails` (Indicates to include device details in the message template.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.).
- `display_name` (String) Display name for the Notification Message Template.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was last modified.
- `localized_notification_messages` (Attributes Set) The list of localized messages for this Notification Message Template. / The text content of a Notification Message Template for the specified locale. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-notification-localizednotificationmessage?view=graph-rest-beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--localized_notification_messages))
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Entity instance.

<a id="nestedatt--localized_notification_messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `localized_notification_messages`

Read-Only:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether or not this is the default locale for language fallback. This flag can only be set. To unset, set this property to true on another Localized Notification Message.
- `locale` (String) The Locale for which this message is destined.
- `message_template` (String) The Message Template content.
- `subject` (String) The Message Template Subject.
