---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_service_principals Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Entra ID"
---

# microsoft365wp_service_principals (Data Source)

Represents an instance of an application in a directory.

This resource supports using [delta query](/graph/delta-query-overview) to track incremental additions, deletions, and updates, by providing a [delta](../api/serviceprincipal-delta.md) function. This resource is an open type that allows other properties to be passed in. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/serviceprincipal?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: This data source is only provided as a companion to `azuread_service_principal` to allow for OData filtering. It is not planned to add more attributes or even provide a resource for this entity.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_service_principals" "all" {
}

output "microsoft365wp_service_principals_all" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_service_principals.all.service_principals : x.id => x }
}

data "microsoft365wp_service_principals" "enabled_and_managed_identities" {
  account_enabled        = true
  service_principal_type = "ManagedIdentity"
}

output "microsoft365wp_service_principals_enabled_and_managed_identities" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_service_principals.enabled_and_managed_identities.service_principals : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_enabled` (Boolean) `true` if the service principal account is enabled; otherwise, `false`. If set to `false`, then no users are able to sign in to this app, even if they're assigned to it. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).
- `app_id` (String) The unique identifier for the associated application (its **appId** property). Alternate key. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`, `startsWith`).
- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `service_principal_type` (String) Identifies if the service principal represents an application or a managed identity. This is set by Microsoft Entra ID internally. For a service principal that represents an [application](./application.md) this is set as __Application__. For a service principal that represents a [managed identity](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) this is set as __ManagedIdentity__. The __SocialIdp__ type is for internal use.

### Read-Only

- `service_principals` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_principals))

<a id="nestedatt--service_principals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_principals`

Read-Only:

- `account_enabled` (Boolean) `true` if the service principal account is enabled; otherwise, `false`. If set to `false`, then no users are able to sign in to this app, even if they're assigned to it. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).
- `app_id` (String) The unique identifier for the associated application (its **appId** property). Alternate key. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`, `startsWith`).
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the service principal. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the service principal. Key. Not nullable. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).
- `service_principal_type` (String) Identifies if the service principal represents an application or a managed identity. This is set by Microsoft Entra ID internally. For a service principal that represents an [application](./application.md) this is set as __Application__. For a service principal that represents a [managed identity](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) this is set as __ManagedIdentity__. The __SocialIdp__ type is for internal use.
