---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Sites and lists"
---

# microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings (Data Source)

Represents the tenant-level settings for SharePoint and OneDrive. <br/> Also see [Microsoft docs for sharepointSettings](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/sharepointsettings?view=graph-rest-beta).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings" "singleton" {
}

output "microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings.singleton
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `allowed_domain_guids_for_sync_app` (Set of String) Collection of trusted domain GUIDs for the OneDrive sync app. <br/>
- `available_managed_paths_for_site_creation` (Set of String) Collection of managed paths available for site creation. <br/>
- `deleted_user_personal_site_retention_period_in_days` (Number) The number of days for preserving a deleted user's OneDrive. <br/>
- `excluded_file_extensions_for_sync_app` (Set of String) Collection of file extensions not uploaded by the OneDrive sync app. <br/>
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `idle_session_sign_out` (Attributes) Specifies the idle session sign-out policies for the tenant. / Represents the idle session sign-out policy settings for SharePoint. Also see [Microsoft docs for idleSessionSignOut](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/idlesessionsignout?view=graph-rest-beta). <br/> <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--idle_session_sign_out))
- `image_tagging_option` (String) Specifies the image tagging option for the tenant. <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `disabled`, `basic`, `enhanced`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `is_commenting_on_site_pages_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether comments are allowed on modern site pages in SharePoint. <br/>
- `is_file_activity_notification_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether push notifications are enabled for OneDrive events. <br/>
- `is_legacy_auth_protocols_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether legacy authentication protocols are enabled for the tenant. <br/>
- `is_loop_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whetherif Fluid Framework is allowed on SharePoint sites. <br/>
- `is_mac_sync_app_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether files can be synced using the OneDrive sync app for Mac. <br/>
- `is_require_accepting_user_to_match_invited_user_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether guests must sign in using the same account to which sharing invitations are sent.
- `is_resharing_by_external_users_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether guests are allowed to reshare files, folders, and sites they don't own. <br/>
- `is_sharepoint_mobile_notification_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether mobile push notifications are enabled for SharePoint. <br/>
- `is_sharepoint_newsfeed_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the newsfeed is allowed on the modern site pages in SharePoint. <br/>
- `is_site_creation_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether users are allowed to create sites. <br/>
- `is_site_creation_ui_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the UI commands for creating sites are shown. <br/>
- `is_site_pages_creation_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether creating new modern pages is allowed on SharePoint sites. <br/>
- `is_sites_storage_limit_automatic` (Boolean) Indicates whether site storage space is automatically managed or if specific storage limits are set per site. <br/>
- `is_sync_button_hidden_on_personal_site` (Boolean) Indicates whether the sync button in OneDrive is hidden. <br/>
- `is_unmanaged_sync_app_for_tenant_restricted` (Boolean) Indicates whether users are allowed to sync files only on PCs joined to specific domains. <br/>
- `personal_site_default_storage_limit_in_mb` (Number) The default OneDrive storage limit for all new and existing users who are assigned a qualifying license. Measured in megabytes (MB). <br/>
- `sharing_allowed_domain_list` (Set of String) Collection of email domains that are allowed for sharing outside the organization. <br/>
- `sharing_blocked_domain_list` (Set of String) Collection of email domains that are blocked for sharing outside the organization. <br/>
- `sharing_capability` (String) Sharing capability for the tenant. <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `disabled`, `externalUserSharingOnly`, `externalUserAndGuestSharing`, `existingExternalUserSharingOnly`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `sharing_domain_restriction_mode` (String) Specifies the external sharing mode for domains. <br/> _Provider_ allowed values are: `none`, `allowList`, `blockList`, `unknownFutureValue`.
- `site_creation_default_managed_path` (String) The value of the team site managed path. This is the path under which new team sites will be created. <br/>
- `site_creation_default_storage_limit_in_mb` (Number) The default storage quota for a new site upon creation. Measured in megabytes (MB). <br/>
- `tenant_default_timezone` (String) The default timezone of a tenant for newly created sites. For a list of possible values, see [SPRegionalSettings.TimeZones property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/schema/regional-settings-schema). <br/> Coordinated Universal Time"`.

<a id="nestedatt--idle_session_sign_out"></a>
### Nested Schema for `idle_session_sign_out`

Read-Only:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the idle session sign-out policy is enabled. <br/>
- `sign_out_after_in_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds of inactivity after which a user is signed out. <br/>
- `warn_after_in_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds of inactivity after which a user is notified that they'll be signed out. <br/>
