---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_subscribed_sku Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Licenses and subscriptions"
---

# microsoft365wp_subscribed_sku (Data Source)

Represents information about a service SKU that a company is subscribed to. Use the values of **skuId** and **servicePlans** > **servicePlanId** to assign licenses to unassigned users and groups through the [user: assignLicense](../api/user-assignlicense.md) and [group: assignLicense](../api/group-assignlicense.md) APIs respectively.

For more information about subscriptions and licenses, see [Subscriptions, licenses, accounts, and tenants for Microsoft's cloud offerings](/microsoft-365/enterprise/subscriptions-licenses-accounts-and-tenants-for-microsoft-cloud-offerings). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/subscribedsku?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: Please note that MS Graph does currently (as of 2025-07) not support OData filtering on this endpoint.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_subscribed_sku" "one" {
  id = "810017af-c1d4-4a3b-9e18-d693c12b0df1_05e9a617-0261-4cee-bb44-138d3ef5d965"
}

output "microsoft365wp_subscribed_sku" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_subscribed_sku.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the subscribed SKU object. Key, not nullable.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The unique ID of the account this SKU belongs to.
- `account_name` (String) The name of the account this SKU belongs to.
- `applies_to` (String) The target class for this SKU. Only SKUs with target class `User` are assignable.
- `capability_status` (String) `Enabled` indicates that the **prepaidUnits** property has at least one unit that is enabled. `LockedOut` indicates that the customer canceled their subscription.
- `consumed_units` (Number) The number of licenses that have been assigned.
- `prepaid_units` (Attributes) Information about the number and status of prepaid licenses. / The **prepaidUnits** property of the [subscribedSku](subscribedsku.md) entity is of type **licenseUnitsDetail**. For more information on the progression states of a subscription, see [What if my subscription expires?](/microsoft-365/commerce/subscriptions/what-if-my-subscription-expires?view=o365-worldwide&preserve-view=true) / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/licenseunitsdetail?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prepaid_units))
- `service_plans` (Attributes Set) Information about the service plans that are available with the SKU. Not nullable / Contains information about a service plan associated with a subscribed SKU. The **servicePlans** property of the [subscribedSku](subscribedsku.md) entity is a collection of **servicePlanInfo**. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/serviceplaninfo?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_plans))
- `sku_id` (String) The unique identifier (GUID) for the service SKU.
- `sku_part_number` (String) The SKU part number; for example, `AAD_PREMIUM` or `RMSBASIC`. To get a list of commercial subscriptions that an organization has acquired, see [List subscribedSkus](../api/subscribedsku-list.md).
- `subscription_ids` (Set of String) A list of all [subscription IDs](../resources/companysubscription.md) associated with this SKU.

<a id="nestedatt--prepaid_units"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prepaid_units`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Number) The number of units that are enabled for the active subscription of the service SKU.
- `locked_out` (Number) The number of units that are locked out because the customer canceled their subscription of the service SKU.
- `suspended` (Number) The number of units that are suspended because the subscription of the service SKU has been canceled. The units can't be assigned but can still be reactivated before they're deleted.
- `warning` (Number) The number of units that are in warning status. When the subscription of the service SKU has expired, the customer has a grace period to renew their subscription before it's canceled (moved to a `suspended` state).


<a id="nestedatt--service_plans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_plans`

Read-Only:

- `applies_to` (String) The object the service plan can be assigned to. The possible values are: <br/>`User` - service plan can be assigned to individual users.<br/>`Company` - service plan can be assigned to the entire tenant.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status of the service plan. The possible values are:<br/>`Success` - Service is fully provisioned.<br/>`Disabled` - Service is disabled.<br/>`Error` - The service plan isn't provisioned and is in an error state.<br/>`PendingInput` - The service isn't provisioned and is awaiting service confirmation.<br/>`PendingActivation` - The service is provisioned but requires explicit activation by an administrator (for example, Intune_O365 service plan)<br/>`PendingProvisioning` - Microsoft has added a new service to the product SKU and it isn't activated in the tenant.
- `service_plan_id` (String) The unique identifier of the service plan.
- `service_plan_name` (String) The name of the service plan.
