---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Synchronization"
---

# microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json (Data Source)

Defines what objects are synchronized and how they are synchronized. The synchronization schema contains most of the setup information for a particular synchronization job. Typically, you customize some of the [attribute mappings](synchronization-attributemapping.md), or add a [scoping filter](synchronization-filter.md) to synchronize only objects that satisfy a certain condition.

The following sections describe the high-level components of the synchronization schema. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/synchronization-synchronizationschema?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: This resource cannot be imported (as the provider cannot determine the `service_principal_id` at the time of import and hence is not able to build the correct URI to read the existing MS Graph entity).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json" "one" {
  service_principal_id = "41dc044f-de44-430a-99a3-a1b15f6c8dd5"
  id                   = "Azure2Azure.810017afc1d44a3b9e18d693c12b0df1.12472e6c-34d1-4db9-9db0-f6649b14f5ba"
}

output "microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service_principal_id` (String) Provider Note: ID of the service principal that this synchronization schema belongs to. Required.

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the schema.
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `directories_json` (String) Contains the collection of directories and all of their objects. / Provides the synchronization engine information about a directory and its objects. This resource tells the synchronization engine, for example, that the directory has objects named **user** and **group**, which attributes are supported for those objects, and the types for those attributes. In order for the object and attribute to participate in [synchronization rules](synchronization-synchronizationrule.md) and [object mappings](synchronization-objectmapping.md), they must be defined as part of the directory definition.

In general, the default [synchronization schema](synchronization-synchronizationschema.md) provided as part of the [synchronization template](synchronization-synchronizationtemplate.md) defines the most commonly used objects and attributes for that directory. However, if the directory supports the addition of custom attributes, you might want to expand the default definition with your own custom objects or attributes. For more information, see the following articles.

Directory definitions are updated as part of the [synchronization schema](synchronization-synchronizationschema.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/synchronization-directorydefinition?view=graph-rest-beta
- `synchronization_rules_json` (String) A collection of synchronization rules configured for the [synchronizationJob](synchronization-synchronizationjob.md) or [synchronizationTemplate](synchronization-synchronizationtemplate.md). / Defines how the synchronization should be performed for the synchronization engine, including which objects to synchronize and in which direction, how objects from the source directory should be matched with objects in the target directory, and how attributes should be transformed when they're synchronized from the source to the target directory.

Synchronization rules are updated as part of the [synchronization schema](synchronization-synchronizationschema.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/synchronization-synchronizationrule?view=graph-rest-beta
- `version` (String) The version of the schema, updated automatically with every schema change.
