---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_targeted_managed_app_configuration Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: App management"
---

# microsoft365wp_targeted_managed_app_configuration (Data Source)

Configuration used to deliver a set of custom settings as-is to all users in the targeted security group / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-targetedmanagedappconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_targeted_managed_app_configuration" "one" {
  id = "A_b04cdf30-859a-44e2-b4de-c81ac33eab6a"
}

output "microsoft365wp_targeted_managed_app_configuration" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_targeted_managed_app_configuration.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Key of the entity.

### Read-Only

- `app_group_type` (String) Public Apps selection: group or individual. / Indicates a collection of apps to target which can be one of several pre-defined lists of apps or a manually selected list of apps; possible values are: `selectedPublicApps` (Target the collection of apps manually selected by the admin.), `allCoreMicrosoftApps` (Target the core set of Microsoft apps (Office, Edge, etc).), `allMicrosoftApps` (Target all apps with Microsoft as publisher.), `allApps` (Target all apps with an available assignment.)
- `apps` (Attributes Set) List of apps to which the policy is deployed. / The identifier for the deployment an app. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-managedmobileapp?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps))
- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time the policy was created.
- `custom_settings` (Attributes Set) A set of string key and string value pairs to be sent to apps for users to whom the configuration is scoped, unalterned by this service / Key value pair for storing custom settings / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-deviceconfig-keyvaluepair?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_settings))
- `deployed_app_count` (Number) Count of apps to which the current policy is deployed.
- `description` (String) The policy's description. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `display_name` (String) Policy display name.
- `is_assigned` (Boolean) Indicates if the policy is deployed to any inclusion groups or not.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) Last time the policy was modified.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Entity instance. The _provider_ default value is `["0"]`.
- `targeted_app_management_levels` (String) The intended app management levels for this policy. / Management levels for apps; possible values are: `unspecified` (Unspecified), `unmanaged` (Unmanaged), `mdm` (MDM), `androidEnterprise` (Android Enterprise), `androidEnterpriseDedicatedDevicesWithAzureAdSharedMode` (Android Enterprise dedicated devices with Azure AD Shared mode), `androidOpenSourceProjectUserAssociated` (Android Open Source Project (AOSP) devices), `androidOpenSourceProjectUserless` (Android Open Source Project (AOSP) userless devices), `unknownFutureValue` (Place holder for evolvable enum). The _provider_ default value is `"unspecified"`.
- `version` (String) Version of the entity.

<a id="nestedatt--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (Attributes) The identifier for an app with it's operating system type. / The identifier for a mobile app. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-mobileappidentifier?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--app_id))

<a id="nestedatt--apps--app_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.app_id`

Read-Only:

- `android` (Attributes) The identifier for an Android app. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-androidmobileappidentifier?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--app_id--android))
- `ios` (Attributes) The identifier for an iOS app. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-iosmobileappidentifier?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--app_id--ios))
- `mac` (Attributes) The identifier for a Mac app. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-macappidentifier?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--app_id--mac))
- `windows` (Attributes) The identifier for a Windows app. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-mam-windowsappidentifier?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--app_id--windows))

<a id="nestedatt--apps--app_id--android"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.app_id.android`

Read-Only:

- `package_id` (String) The identifier for an app, as specified in the play store.


<a id="nestedatt--apps--app_id--ios"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.app_id.ios`

Read-Only:

- `bundle_id` (String) The identifier for an app, as specified in the app store.


<a id="nestedatt--apps--app_id--mac"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.app_id.mac`

Read-Only:

- `bundle_id` (String) The identifier for an app, as specified in the app store.


<a id="nestedatt--apps--app_id--windows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.app_id.windows`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The identifier for an app, as specified in the app store.




<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.). The _provider_ default value is `"none"`.
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--custom_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_settings`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name for this key-value pair
- `value` (String) Value for this key-value pair
