---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Role management"
---

# microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition (Data Source)

Represents a collection of permissions listing the operations, such as read, write, and delete, that can be performed by an RBAC provider, as part of Microsoft 365 RBAC [role management](rolemanagement.md).

The following RBAC providers are currently supported: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/unifiedroledefinition?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition" "_1" {
  odata_filter = "displayName eq 'User Administrator'"
}

output "microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition_1" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition._1
}

data "microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition" "_2" {
  display_name = "Global Reader"
}

output "microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition_2" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_unified_role_definition._2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The display name for the unifiedRoleDefinition. Read-only when **isBuiltIn** is `true`. Required.  Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith`).
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the unifiedRoleDefinition. Key, not nullable,  Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_principal_types` (String) Types of principals that can be assigned the role. The This is a multi-valued enumeration that can contain up to three values as a comma-separated string. For example, `user, group`. Supports `$filter` (`eq`). / Possible values are: `user`, `servicePrincipal`, `group`, `unknownFutureValue`
- `description` (String) The description for the unifiedRoleDefinition. Read-only when **isBuiltIn** is `true`.
- `inherits_permissions_from` (Attributes Set) Read-only collection of role definitions that the given role definition inherits from. Only Microsoft Entra built-in roles support this attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inherits_permissions_from))
- `is_built_in` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the unifiedRoleDefinition is part of the default set included with the product or custom.  Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the role is enabled for assignment. If false the role is not available for assignment. Read-only when **isBuiltIn** is `true`.
- `is_privileged` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the role is privileged. Microsoft Entra ID defines a role as privileged if it contains at least one sensitive resource action in the **rolePermissions** and **allowedResourceActions** objects. Applies only for actions in the `microsoft.directory` resource namespace. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
- `role_permissions` (Attributes Set) List of permissions included in the role. Read-only when **isBuiltIn** is `true`. Required. / Represents a collection of allowed resource actions and the conditions that must be met for the action to be effective. Resource actions are tasks that can be performed on a resource. For example, the application resource supports create, update, delete, and reset password resource actions. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/unifiedrolepermission?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_permissions))
- `template_id` (String) Custom template identifier that can be set when isBuiltIn is `false`. This identifier is typically used if one needs an identifier to be the same across different directories. Read-only when **isBuiltIn** is `true`.
- `version` (String) Indicates the version of the unifiedRoleDefinition object. Read-only when **isBuiltIn** is `true`.

<a id="nestedatt--inherits_permissions_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inherits_permissions_from`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the unifiedRoleDefinition. Key, not nullable,  Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).


<a id="nestedatt--role_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_permissions`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_resource_actions` (Set of String) Set of tasks that can be performed on a resource.
- `condition` (String) Optional constraints that must be met for the permission to be effective. Not supported for custom roles.
