---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Role management"
---

# microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments (Data Source)

The assignment of a role management policy to a [role definition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md) object. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyassignment?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments" "directory_root" {
  odata_filter = "scopeType eq 'DirectoryRole' and scopeId eq '/'"
}

output "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments_directory_root" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments.directory_root.unified_role_management_policy_assignments : x.id => x }
}


data "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments" "group" {
  odata_filter = "scopeType eq 'Group' and scopeId eq '298fded6-b252-4166-a473-f405e935f58d'"
}

output "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments_group" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policy_assignments.group.unified_role_management_policy_assignments : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `policy_id` (String) The id of the policy.
- `role_definition_id` (String) For Microsoft Entra roles policy, it's the identifier of the [role definition](unifiedroledefinition.md) object where the policy applies. For PIM for groups membership and ownership, it's either `member` or `owner`. Supports $filter (`eq`).
- `scope_id` (String) The identifier of the scope where the policy is assigned.  Can be `/` for the tenant or a group ID. Required.
- `scope_type` (String) The type of the scope where the policy is assigned. One of `Directory`, `DirectoryRole`, `Group`. Required.

### Read-Only

- `unified_role_management_policy_assignments` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unified_role_management_policy_assignments))

<a id="nestedatt--unified_role_management_policy_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unified_role_management_policy_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the policy assignment. The ID is typically a concatenation of the unifiedRoleManagementPolicy ID and the roleDefinitionId separated by an underscore.
- `policy_id` (String) The id of the policy.
- `role_definition_id` (String) For Microsoft Entra roles policy, it's the identifier of the [role definition](unifiedroledefinition.md) object where the policy applies. For PIM for groups membership and ownership, it's either `member` or `owner`. Supports $filter (`eq`).
- `scope_id` (String) The identifier of the scope where the policy is assigned.  Can be `/` for the tenant or a group ID. Required.
- `scope_type` (String) The type of the scope where the policy is assigned. One of `Directory`, `DirectoryRole`, `Group`. Required.
