---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Role management"
---

# microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies (Data Source)

Specifies the various policies associated with scopes and roles. For policies that apply to Azure RBAC, use the [Azure REST PIM API for role management policies](/rest/api/authorization/role-management-policies). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: MS Graph entities of type `unifiedRoleManagementPolicy` cannot be created (or deleted) but only existing ones
can be updated. Therefore this resource will always update an existing entity (determined by the `id` attribute)
and automatically import it into TF state upon creation.  
Also, entities will never be deleted from MS Graph but only get removed from TF state instead.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies" "directory_root" {
  odata_filter = "scopeType eq 'DirectoryRole' and scopeId eq '/'"
}

output "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies_directory_root" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies.directory_root.unified_role_management_policies : x.id => x }
}


data "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies" "group" {
  odata_filter = "scopeType eq 'Group' and scopeId eq '298fded6-b252-4166-a473-f405e935f58d'"
}

output "microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies_group" {
  value = { for x in data.microsoft365wp_unified_role_management_policies.group.unified_role_management_policies : x.id => x }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `exclude_ids` (Set of String) Exclude entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `include_ids` (Set of String) Only return entities with these ids (using OData `$filter`).
- `odata_filter` (String) Literal OData `$filter` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_orderby` (String) Literal OData `$orderby` value to pass to MS Graph.
- `odata_top` (Number) Literal OData `$top` value to pass to MS Graph.

### Read-Only

- `unified_role_management_policies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unified_role_management_policies))

<a id="nestedatt--unified_role_management_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unified_role_management_policies`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Display name for the policy.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the policy.
- `is_organization_default` (Boolean) This can only be set to `true` for a single tenant-wide policy which will apply to all scopes and roles. Set the scopeId to `/` and scopeType to `Directory`. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`).
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The time when the role setting was last modified.
- `scope_id` (String) The identifier of the scope where the policy is created. Can be `/` for the tenant or a group ID. Required.
- `scope_type` (String) The type of the scope where the policy is created. One of `Directory`, `DirectoryRole`, `Group`. Required.
