---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Software updates"
---

# microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile (Data Source)

Windows Driver Update Profile / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsdriverupdateprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Query Filters (if Supported)

If filtering by attribute values is supported (see schema below), then values set by the practitioner inside the config 
will be translated to a respective OData `$filter` clause. For string attributes (except enumerations!), simple 
wildcards (`*`) are supported at the start and/or the end of the attribute value or else exactly once inside and will be 
translated to corresponding OData predicates and functions (i.e. `eq`, `startswith`, `endswith` and `contains`). 
Multiple filter clauses will be combined using ` and `.  
If supported (see schema below), the attributes `odata_filter`, `odata_orderby` and `odata_top` can also be used to 
provide literal values for the respective OData options.

If this is a data source that returns a single element (singular data source), then the resulting OData query must 
result in exactly one returned entity! If supported, `odata_top = 1` and `odata_orderby` may be used to select a single 
entity from a list.

Please note that in the end all OData clauses/options will have to be interpreted by MS Graph, so MS Graph might impose 
further restrictions on what functionality may be used in practice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile" "one" {
  id = "f8ae8ad2-9612-4b7c-818b-5c4a15e1b59e"
}

output "microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The Intune policy id.

### Read-Only

- `approval_type` (String) Driver update profile approval type. For example, manual or automatic approval. / An enum type to represent approval type of a driver update profile; possible values are: `manual` (This indicates a driver and firmware profile needs to be approved manually.), `automatic` (This indicates a driver and firmware profile is approved automatically.)
- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was created.
- `deployment_deferral_in_days` (Number) Deployment deferral settings in days, only applicable when ApprovalType is set to automatic approval.
- `description` (String) The description of the profile which is specified by the user.
- `device_reporting` (Number) Number of devices reporting for this profile
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the profile.
- `driver_inventories` (Attributes Set) Driver inventories for this profile. / A new entity to represent driver inventories. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsdriverupdateinventory?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--driver_inventories))
- `inventory_sync_status` (Attributes) Driver inventory sync status for this profile. / A complex type to store the status of a driver and firmware profile inventory sync. The status includes the last successful sync date time and the state of the last sync. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsdriverupdateprofileinventorysyncstatus?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inventory_sync_status))
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was last modified.
- `new_updates` (Number) Number of new driver updates available for this profile.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Driver Update entity.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.).
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--driver_inventories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `driver_inventories`

Read-Only:

- `applicable_device_count` (Number) The number of devices for which this driver is applicable.
- `approval_status` (String) The approval status for this driver. / An enum type to represent approval status of a driver; possible values are: `needsReview` (This indicates a driver needs IT admin's review.), `declined` (This indicates IT admin has declined a driver.), `approved` (This indicates IT admin has approved a driver.), `suspended` (This indicates IT admin has suspended a driver.)
- `category` (String) The category for this driver. / An enum type to represent which category a driver belongs to; possible values are: `recommended` (This indicates a driver is recommended by Microsoft.), `previouslyApproved` (This indicates a driver was recommended by Microsoft and IT admin has taken some approval action on it.), `other` (This indicates a driver is never recommended by Microsoft.)
- `deploy_date_time` (String) The date time when a driver should be deployed if approvalStatus is approved.
- `driver_class` (String) The class of the driver.
- `id` (String) The id of the driver.
- `manufacturer` (String) The manufacturer of the driver.
- `name` (String) The name of the driver.
- `release_date_time` (String) The release date time of the driver.
- `version` (String) The version of the driver.


<a id="nestedatt--inventory_sync_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inventory_sync_status`

Read-Only:

- `driver_inventory_sync_state` (String) The state of the latest sync. / Windows DnF update inventory sync state; possible values are: `pending` (Pending sync.), `success` (Successful sync.), `failure` (Failed sync.)
- `last_successful_sync_date_time` (String) The last successful sync date and time in UTC.
