---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_windows_feature_update_profile Data Source - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Software updates"
---

# microsoft365wp_windows_feature_update_profile (Data Source)

Windows Feature Update Profile / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsfeatureupdateprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


data "microsoft365wp_windows_feature_update_profile" "one" {
  id = "99645f7a-f30a-457b-a78d-f4f5514fcd51"
}

output "microsoft365wp_windows_feature_update_profile" {
  value = data.microsoft365wp_windows_feature_update_profile.one
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The Identifier of the entity.

### Read-Only

- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `created_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the profile which is specified by the user.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the profile.
- `end_of_support_date` (String) The last supported date for a feature update
- `feature_update_version` (String) The feature update version that will be deployed to the devices targeted by this profile. The version could be any supported version for example 1709, 1803 or 1809 and so on.
- `install_feature_updates_optional` (Boolean) If true, the Windows 11 update will become optional. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `install_latest_windows10_on_windows11_ineligible_device` (Boolean) If true, the latest Microsoft Windows 10 update will be installed on devices ineligible for Microsoft Windows 11. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was last modified.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Feature Update entity. The _provider_ default value is `["0"]`.
- `rollout_settings` (Attributes) The windows update rollout settings, including offer start date time, offer end date time, and days between each set of offers. / A complex type to store the windows update rollout settings including offer start date time, offer end date time, and days between each set of offers. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsupdaterolloutsettings?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rollout_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Read-Only:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.). The _provider_ default value is `"none"`.
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--rollout_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rollout_settings`

Read-Only:

- `offer_end_date_time_in_utc` (String) The feature update's ending  of release date and time to be set, update, and displayed for a feature Update profile for example: 2020-06-09T10:00:00Z.
- `offer_interval_in_days` (Number) The number of day(s) between each set of offers to be set, updated, and displayed for a feature update profile, for example: if OfferStartDateTimeInUTC is 2020-06-09T10:00:00Z, and OfferIntervalInDays is 1, then the next two sets of offers will be made consecutively on 2020-06-10T10:00:00Z (next day at the same specified time) and 2020-06-11T10:00:00Z (next next day at the same specified time) with 1 day in between each set of offers.
- `offer_start_date_time_in_utc` (String) The feature update's starting date and time to be set, update, and displayed for a feature Update profile for example: 2020-06-09T10:00:00Z.
