---
page_title: "Overview"
---

# Overview

The Terraform Provider for Microsoft 365 can be used to configure policies and configurations in Microsoft EntraID and Intune using Microsoft's Graph API.

## Authenticating to Microsoft EntraID

[Authenticating using a Service Principal with a Client Secret](guides/service\_principal\_client\_secret.md)

## Features and Bug Requests

Bugs and feature requests can be reported on the GitHub issue tracker

Please avoid "me too" or "+1" comments. Instead, use a thumbs up reaction on enhancement requests. Provider maintainers will often prioritise work based on the number of thumbs on an issue.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Base64 encoded PKCS#12 certificate bundle to use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate
- `client_certificate_password` (String, Sensitive) The password to decrypt the Client Certificate. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate
- `client_certificate_path` (String) The path to the Client Certificate associated with the Service Principal for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID which should be used for service principal authentication
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The application password to use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Secret
- `environment` (String) The cloud environment which should be used. Possible values are: `global` (also `public`), `usgovernmentl4` (also `usgovernment`), `usgovernmentl5` (also `dod`), and `china`. Defaults to `global`
- `metadata_host` (String) The Hostname which should be used for the Azure Metadata Service.
- `msi_endpoint` (String) The path to a custom endpoint for Managed Identity - in most circumstances this should be detected automatically
- `oidc_request_token` (String, Sensitive) The bearer token for the request to the OIDC provider. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `oidc_request_url` (String) The URL for the OIDC provider from which to request an ID token. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `oidc_token` (String, Sensitive) The ID token for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `oidc_token_file_path` (String) The path to a file containing an ID token for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Tenant ID which should be used. Works with all authentication methods except Managed Identity
- `use_cli` (Boolean) Allow Azure CLI to be used for Authentication
- `use_msi` (Boolean) Allow Managed Identity to be used for Authentication
- `use_oidc` (Boolean) Allow OpenID Connect to be used for authentication
- `use_wgt` (Boolean) Allow tools/wpGetToken to be used for authentication
