---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_administrative_unit Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Directory management"
---

# microsoft365wp_administrative_unit (Resource)

An administrative unit provides a conceptual container for user, group, and device directory objects. With administrative units, a company administrator can now delegate administrative responsibilities to manage the users, groups, and devices contained within or scoped to an administrative unit to a regional or departmental administrator. For more information about administrative units, see [Administrative units in Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/administrative-units).

This resource is an open type that allows other properties to be passed in.

This resource supports: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/administrativeunit?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: This resource is only provided as an enhanced version of `azuread_administrative_unit` supporting the attribute `is_member_management_restricted`. Use `azuread_administrative_unit_member` and `azuread_administrative_unit_role_member` to modify membership as it is not planned to add further functionality here.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_administrative_unit" "test" {
  display_name                    = "TF Test"
  is_member_management_restricted = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Display name for the administrative unit. Maximum length is 256 characters. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.

### Optional

- `description` (String) An optional description for the administrative unit. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `in`, `startsWith`), `$search`.
- `is_member_management_restricted` (Boolean) `true` if members of this administrative unit should be treated as sensitive, which requires specific permissions to manage. If not set, the default value is `null` and the default behavior is false. Use this property to define administrative units with roles that don't inherit from tenant-level administrators, and where the management of individual member objects is limited to administrators scoped to a restricted management administrative unit. This property is immutable and can't be changed later. <br/><br/> For more information on how to work with restricted management administrative units, see [Restricted management administrative units in Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/admin-units-restricted-management).
- `membership_rule` (String) The dynamic membership rule for the administrative unit. For more information about the rules you can use for dynamic administrative units and dynamic groups, see [Manage rules for dynamic membership groups in Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity/users/groups-dynamic-membership).
- `membership_rule_processing_state` (String) Controls whether the dynamic membership rule is actively processed. Set to `On` to activate the dynamic membership rule, or `Paused` to stop updating membership dynamically.
- `membership_type` (String) Indicates the membership type for the administrative unit. The If not set, the default value is `null` and the default behavior is assigned.
- `visibility` (String) Controls whether the administrative unit and its members are hidden or public. Can be set to `HiddenMembership` or `Public`. If not set, the default value is `null` and the default behavior is public. When set to `HiddenMembership`, only members of the administrative unit can list other members of the administrative unit.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the administrative unit. Read-only. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
