---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_attribute_set Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Custom security attributes"
---

# microsoft365wp_attribute_set (Resource)

Represents a group of related custom security attribute definitions.

You can define up to 500 **attributeSet** objects in a tenant. The **attributeSet** object can't be renamed or deleted. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/attributeset?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_attribute_set" "test" {
  id = "TfProviderTest"

  max_attributes_per_set = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier for the attribute set that is unique within a tenant. Can be up to 32 characters long and include Unicode characters. Cannot contain spaces or special characters. Cannot be changed later. Case insensitive.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the attribute set. Can be up to 128 characters long and include Unicode characters. Can be changed later.
- `max_attributes_per_set` (Number) Maximum number of custom security attributes that can be defined in this attribute set. Default value is `null`. If not specified, the administrator can add up to the maximum of 500 active attributes per tenant. Can be changed later.
