---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authorization_policy Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Policies"
---

# microsoft365wp_authorization_policy (Resource)

Represents a policy that can control Microsoft Entra authorization settings. It's a singleton that inherits from base policy type, and always exists for the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authorizationpolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_authorization_policy" "singleton" {
  allow_email_verified_users_to_join_organization = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_email_verified_users_to_join_organization` (Boolean) Indicates whether a user can join the tenant by email validation. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `allow_invites_from` (String) Indicates who can invite guests to the organization. `everyone` is the default setting for all cloud environments except US Government. For more information, see [allowInvitesFrom values](#allowinvitesfrom-values). / Possible values are: `none`, `adminsAndGuestInviters`, `adminsGuestInvitersAndAllMembers`, `everyone`, `unknownFutureValue`. The _provider_ default value is `"everyone"`.
- `allow_user_consent_for_risky_apps` (Boolean) Indicates whether [user consent for risky apps](/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/configure-risk-based-step-up-consent) is allowed. Default value is `false`. We recommend that you keep the value set to `false`. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `allowed_to_sign_up_email_based_subscriptions` (Boolean) Indicates whether users can sign up for email based subscriptions. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `allowed_to_use_sspr` (Boolean) Indicates whether administrators of the tenant can use the Self-Service Password Reset (SSPR). For more information, see [Self-service password reset for administrators](/entra/identity/authentication/concept-sspr-policy#administrator-reset-policy-differences). The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `block_msol_powershell` (Boolean) To disable the use of the [MSOnline PowerShell module](/powershell/module/msonline) set this property to `true`. This also disables user-based access to the legacy service endpoint used by the MSOnline PowerShell module. This doesn't affect Microsoft Entra Connect or Microsoft Graph. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `default_user_role_permissions` (Attributes) Specifies certain customizable permissions for default user role. / Contains certains customizable permissions of default user role in Microsoft Entra ID. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/defaultuserrolepermissions?view=graph-rest-beta. The _provider_ default value is `{}`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_user_role_permissions))
- `enabled_preview_features` (Set of String) List of features enabled for private preview on the tenant. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
- `guest_user_role_id` (String) Represents role templateId for the role that should be granted to guests. Refer to [List unifiedRoleDefinitions](../api/rbacapplication-list-roledefinitions.md) to find the list of available role templates. Currently following roles are supported:  *User* (`a0b1b346-4d3e-4e8b-98f8-753987be4970`), *Guest User* (`10dae51f-b6af-4016-8d66-8c2a99b929b3`), and *Restricted Guest User* (`2af84b1e-32c8-42b7-82bc-daa82404023b`). The _provider_ default value is `"10dae51f-b6af-4016-8d66-8c2a99b929b3"`.  
Provider Note: The default value `10dae51f-b6af-4016-8d66-8c2a99b929b3` corresponds to "Guest User".
- `permission_grant_policy_ids_assigned_to_default_user_role` (Set of String) Indicates if user consent to apps is allowed, and if it is, the [app consent policy](../resources/permissiongrantpolicy.md) that governs the permission for users to grant consent. Values should be in the format `managePermissionGrantsForSelf.{id}` for user consent policies or `managePermissionGrantsForOwnedResource.{id}` for resource-specific consent policies, where `{id}` is the **id** of a built-in or custom app consent policy. An empty list indicates user consent to apps is disabled. The _provider_ default value is `["ManagePermissionGrantsForSelf.microsoft-user-default-legacy","ManagePermissionGrantsForOwnedResource.microsoft-dynamically-managed-permissions-for-team","ManagePermissionGrantsForOwnedResource.microsoft-dynamically-managed-permissions-for-chat"]`.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of this policy.
- `display_name` (String) Display name for this policy.
- `id` (String) ID of the authorization policy. Required. Read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--default_user_role_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_user_role_permissions`

Optional:

- `allowed_to_create_apps` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can create applications. This setting corresponds to the _Users can register applications_ setting in the [User settings menu in the Microsoft Entra admin center](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions?context=graph%2Fcontext#restrict-member-users-default-permissions). The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `allowed_to_create_security_groups` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can create security groups. This setting corresponds to the following menus in the Microsoft Entra admin center: <br/><li> _The Users can create security groups in Microsoft Entra admin centers, API or PowerShell_ setting in the [Group settings menu](/azure/active-directory/enterprise-users/groups-self-service-management). <li> _Users can create security groups_ setting in the [User settings menu](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions?context=graph%2Fcontext#restrict-member-users-default-permissions). The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `allowed_to_create_tenants` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can create tenants. This setting corresponds to the _Restrict non-admin users from creating tenants_ setting in the [User settings menu in the Microsoft Entra admin center](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/users-default-permissions?context=graph%2Fcontext#restrict-member-users-default-permissions).<br/><br/> When this setting is `false`, users assigned the [Tenant Creator](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference?context=graph%2Fcontext#tenant-creator) role can still create tenants. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `allowed_to_read_bitlocker_keys_for_owned_device` (Boolean) Indicates whether the registered owners of a device can read their own BitLocker recovery keys with default user role. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `allowed_to_read_other_users` (Boolean) Indicates whether the default user role can read other users. **DO NOT SET THIS VALUE TO `false`**. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
