---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Policies"
---

# microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy (Resource)

Represents the [policy configuration of self-service sign-up experience](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/selfservicesignupauthenticationflowconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta) at a tenant level that lets external users request to sign up for approval. It contains information about the ID, display name, and description, and indicates whether self-service sign up is enabled for the policy. <br/> Also see [Microsoft docs for authenticationFlowsPolicy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationflowspolicy?view=graph-rest-beta).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_authentication_flows_policy" "singleton" {
  self_service_sign_up = {
    is_enabled = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `self_service_sign_up` (Attributes) Contains [selfServiceSignUpAuthenticationFlowConfiguration](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/selfservicesignupauthenticationflowconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta) settings that convey whether self-service sign-up is enabled or disabled. This property isn't a key. Optional. Read-only. / Represents the configurations related to self-service sign-up. Also see [Microsoft docs for selfServiceSignUpAuthenticationFlowConfiguration](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/selfservicesignupauthenticationflowconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta). <br/> The _provider_ default value is `{"is_enabled":false}`. <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_service_sign_up))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Inherited property. A description of the policy. This property isn't a key. Optional. Read-only.
- `display_name` (String) Inherited property. The human-readable name of the policy. This property isn't a key. Optional. Read-only.
- `id` (String) Inherited property. The ID of the authentication flows policy. Optional. Read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--self_service_sign_up"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service_sign_up`

Optional:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether self-service sign-up flow is enabled or disabled. The default value is `false`. This property isn't a key. Required. <br/> The _provider_ default value is `false`.
