---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configuration Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Authentication strengths"
---

# microsoft365wp_authentication_combination_configuration (Resource)

Sets restrictions on specific types, modes, or versions of an authentication method that is tied to specific auth method combinations used in an [authentication strength](authenticationstrengths-overview.md). The following resources inherit from this abstract and define the various types of combination configurations: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/authenticationcombinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: This resource cannot be imported (as the provider cannot determine the value of `authentication_strength_policy_id` at the time of import and hence is not able to build the correct URI to read the existing MS Graph entity).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_strength_policy_id` (String) Provider Note: ID of the authentication strength policy that this resource belongs to. Required.

### Optional

- `applies_to_combinations` (Set of String) Which authentication method combinations this configuration applies to. Must be an **allowedCombinations** object defined for the [authenticationStrengthPolicy](../resources/authenticationstrengthpolicy.md). For **fido2combinationConfigurations** use `"fido2"`, for **x509certificatecombinationconfiguration** use `"x509CertificateSingleFactor"` or `"x509CertificateMultiFactor"`. / Possible values are: `password`, `voice`, `hardwareOath`, `softwareOath`, `sms`, `fido2`, `windowsHelloForBusiness`, `microsoftAuthenticatorPush`, `deviceBasedPush`, `temporaryAccessPassOneTime`, `temporaryAccessPassMultiUse`, `email`, `x509CertificateSingleFactor`, `x509CertificateMultiFactor`, `federatedSingleFactor`, `federatedMultiFactor`, `unknownFutureValue`. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
- `fido2` (Attributes) Configuration to require specific FIDO2 key types in an authentication strength. An administrator may use this entity to specify which Authenticator Attestations GUIDs (AAGUIDs) are allowed, as part of certain authentication method combinations, in an [authentication strength](authenticationstrengthpolicy.md).

Inherits and derived from [authenticationCombinationConfiguration](../resources/authenticationcombinationconfiguration.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/fido2combinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fido2))
- `x509_certificate` (Attributes) Configuration to require specific certificate properties. You can use this entity to specify the certificate issuer or policy OID that are allowed, as part of certificate-based authentication, in an [authentication strength policy](authenticationstrengthpolicy.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/x509certificatecombinationconfiguration?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--x509_certificate))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) A unique system-generated identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--fido2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fido2`

Optional:

- `allowed_aaguids` (Set of String) A list of AAGUIDs allowed to be used as part of the specified authentication method combinations. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.


<a id="nestedatt--x509_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `x509_certificate`

Optional:

- `allowed_issuer_skis` (Set of String) A list of allowed subject key identifier values. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
- `allowed_policy_oids` (Set of String) A list of allowed policy OIDs. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
