---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignment Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Corporate enrollment"
---

# microsoft365wp_azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_assignment (Resource)

**Note**: Due to technical difficulties trying to import this resource from MS Graph will result in an error, i.e. importing of this resource is not possible.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `azure_ad_windows_autopilot_deployment_profile_id` (String)
- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The key of the assignment.
- `source` (String) The source of the assignment. This property is read-only. / Represents source of assignment; possible values are: `direct` (Direct indicates a direct assignment.), `policySets` (PolicySets indicates assignment was made via PolicySet assignment.)
- `source_id` (String) The identifier of the source of the assignment. This property is read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Optional:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.). The _provider_ default value is `"none"`.
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.exclusion_group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.
