---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_connector_group_application Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: On-premises publishing"
---

# microsoft365wp_connector_group_application (Resource)

Use this resource to add/assign an existing application to a connector group.

Notes:  
  - When deleting this resource, the application will be assigned back to the default connector group.  
  - To import this resource, an ID consisting of `connector_group_id` and `id` being joined by a forward slash (`/`) must be used.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_connector_group" "test3" {
  name   = "TF Test 3"
  region = "eur"
}

data "microsoft365wp_application" "one" {
  app_id = "990d9e03-b1a0-4136-ad17-3cc3a9b829bf"
}

resource "microsoft365wp_connector_group_application" "test" {
  connector_group_id = microsoft365wp_connector_group.test3.id
  id                 = data.microsoft365wp_application.one.id
}

output "microsoft365wp_connector_group_application" {
  value = microsoft365wp_connector_group_application.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_group_id` (String) _Provider_ Note: ID of the connector group to add the application to. Required.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the application object. This property is referred to as **Object ID** in the Microsoft Entra admin center. Key. Not nullable. Read-only. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`).  
_Provider_ Note: In this special case, it is _not read-only_ but _required_ instead. Set it to the **Object ID** of the **App registration** (which is different from both the Application/Client ID and the Object ID of the Enterprise application).

### Read-Only

- `app_id` (String) The unique identifier for the application that is assigned by Microsoft Entra ID. Not nullable. Read-only. Alternate key. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the application. Maximum length is 256 characters. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values), `$search`, and `$orderby`.
