---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_connected_organization Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Entitlement management"
---

# microsoft365wp_connected_organization (Resource)

In [Microsoft Entra entitlement management](entitlementmanagement-overview.md), a connected organization is a reference to a directory or domain of another organization whose users can request access. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/connectedorganization?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_connected_organization" "test" {
  display_name = "TF Test 1"

  identity_sources = [
    {
      azure_active_directory_tenant = {
        display_name = "C4A8 Corellia Workplace Blueprint"
        tenant_id    = "eb46eb45-4f35-4332-987d-deda508c6721"
      }
    }
  ]

  internal_sponsors = [
    { id = "298fded6-b252-4166-a473-f405e935f58d" },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the connected organization. Supports `$filter` (`eq`).

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the connected organization.
- `external_sponsors` (Attributes Set) Nullable. / Represents a Microsoft Entra object. The **directoryObject** type is the base type for the following directory entity types generally referred to as directory objects:

This resource supports: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/directoryobject?view=graph-rest-beta. The _provider_ default value is `[]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_sponsors))
- `identity_sources` (Attributes Set) The identity sources in this connected organization, one of [azureActiveDirectoryTenant](azureactivedirectorytenant.md), [crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant](crosscloudazureactivedirectorytenant.md), [domainIdentitySource](domainidentitysource.md), [externalDomainFederation](externaldomainfederation.md), or [socialIdentitySource](socialidentitysource.md). Read-only. Nullable. Supports `$select` and `$filter`(`eq`). To filter by the derived types, you must declare the resource using its full OData cast, for example, `$filter=identitySources/any(is:is/microsoft.graph.azureActiveDirectoryTenant/tenantId eq 'bcfdfff4-cbc3-43f2-9000-ba7b7515054f')`. / The subtypes of this type, [azureActiveDirectoryTenant](azureactivedirectorytenant.md), [crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant](crosscloudazureactivedirectorytenant.md), [domainIdentitySource](domainidentitysource.md), [externalDomainFederation](externaldomainfederation.md), and [socialIdentitySource](socialidentitysource.md) are used in the identity sources of a [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/identitysource?view=graph-rest-beta. The _provider_ default value is `[]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources))
- `internal_sponsors` (Attributes Set) Nullable. / Represents a Microsoft Entra object. The **directoryObject** type is the base type for the following directory entity types generally referred to as directory objects:

This resource supports: / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/directoryobject?view=graph-rest-beta. The _provider_ default value is `[]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_sponsors))
- `state` (String) The state of a connected organization defines whether assignment policies with requestor scope type `AllConfiguredConnectedOrganizationSubjects` are applicable or not. / Possible values are: `configured`, `proposed`, `unknownFutureValue`. The _provider_ default value is `"configured"`.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) UPN of the user who created this resource. Read-only.
- `created_date_time` (String) The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Read-only.
- `id` (String) Read-only.
- `modified_by` (String) UPN of the user who last modified this resource. Read-only.
- `modified_date_time` (String) The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Read-only.

<a id="nestedatt--external_sponsors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_sponsors`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the object. For example, 12345678-9abc-def0-1234-56789abcde. The value of the **id** property is often but not exclusively in the form of a GUID; treat it as an opaque identifier and do not rely on it being a GUID. Key. Not nullable. Read-only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources`

Optional:

- `azure_active_directory_tenant` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.azureActiveDirectoryTenant` indicates that this type identifies another Microsoft Entra tenant as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/azureactivedirectorytenant?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--azure_active_directory_tenant))
- `cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of a [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md) object. The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant` indicates that this type identifies another Microsoft Entra tenant in a different cloud as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crosscloudazureactivedirectorytenant?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant))
- `domain_identity_source` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.domainIdentitySource` indicates that this type identifies a domain as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/domainidentitysource?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--domain_identity_source))
- `external_domain_federation` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.externalDomainFederation` indicates that this type identifies a domain with a configured identity provider as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/externaldomainfederation?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--external_domain_federation))
- `social_identity_source` (Attributes) Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.socialIdentitySource` identifies a social identity as an identity source for a connected organization. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/socialidentitysource?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_sources--social_identity_source))

<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--azure_active_directory_tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.azure_active_directory_tenant`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.cross_cloud_azure_active_directory_tenant`

Required:

- `cloud_instance` (String) The ID of the cloud where the tenant is located, one of `microsoftonline.com`, `microsoftonline.us` or `partner.microsoftonline.cn`. Read only.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the Microsoft Entra tenant. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--domain_identity_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.domain_identity_source`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the identity source, typically also the domain name. Read only.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--external_domain_federation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.external_domain_federation`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the identity source, typically also the domain name. Read only.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name. Read only.
- `issuer_uri` (String) The issuerURI of the incoming federation. Read only.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_sources--social_identity_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_sources.social_identity_source`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the identity source. Typically the same value as the **socialIdentitySourceType**.
- `social_identity_source_type` (String) The / Possible values are: `facebook`, `unknownFutureValue`



<a id="nestedatt--internal_sponsors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_sponsors`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the object. For example, 12345678-9abc-def0-1234-56789abcde. The value of the **id** property is often but not exclusively in the form of a GUID; treat it as an opaque identifier and do not rely on it being a GUID. Key. Not nullable. Read-only.
