---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Cross-tenant access"
---

# microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner (Resource)

Defines the cross-tenant policy for synchronization of users from a partner tenant. Use this user synchronization policy to streamline collaboration between users in a multi-tenant organization by automating the creation, update, and deletion of users from one tenant to another. <br/> Also see [Microsoft docs for crossTenantIdentitySyncPolicyPartner](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crosstenantidentitysyncpolicypartner?view=graph-rest-beta).

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_cross_tenant_identity_sync_policy_partner" "test" {
  tenant_id = "eb46eb45-4f35-4332-987d-deda508c6721"

  display_name = "eb46eb45-4f35-4332-987d-deda508c6721:sync"
  user_sync_inbound = {
    is_sync_allowed = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `tenant_id` (String)
- `user_sync_inbound` (Attributes) Defines whether users can be synchronized from the partner tenant. Key. / Defines whether users can be synchronized from the partner tenant. Also see [Microsoft docs for crossTenantUserSyncInbound](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crosstenantusersyncinbound?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_sync_inbound))

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) Display name for the cross-tenant user synchronization policy. Use the name of the partner Microsoft Entra tenant to easily identify the policy. Optional.
- `group_sync_inbound` (Attributes) Defines whether groups can be synchronized from a partner tenant. Key. / Defines whether groups can be synchronized from a partner tenant, as defined in the **groupSyncInbound** property of [crossTenantIdentitySyncPolicyPartner](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crossTenantIdentitySyncPolicyPartner?view=graph-rest-beta) object. Also see [Microsoft docs for crossTenantGroupSyncInbound](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/crosstenantgroupsyncinbound?view=graph-rest-beta). <br> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_sync_inbound))

### Read-Only

- `deleted_date_time` (String) Shows the last date and time the policy was deleted.

<a id="nestedatt--user_sync_inbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_sync_inbound`

Required:

- `is_sync_allowed` (Boolean) Defines whether user objects should be synchronized from the partner tenant. `false` causes any current user synchronization from the source tenant to the target tenant to stop. This property has no impact on existing users who have already been synchronized.


<a id="nestedatt--group_sync_inbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_sync_inbound`

Optional:

- `is_sync_allowed` (Boolean) Defines whether group objects should be synchronized from the partner tenant. `false` stops any current group synchronization from the source tenant to the target tenant. This property has no impact on existing groups that were synchronized. <br/> The _provider_ default value is `false`.
