---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_external_identities_policy Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Identity and sign-in"
---

# microsoft365wp_external_identities_policy (Resource)

Represents the tenant-wide policy that controls whether external users can leave the guest Microsoft Entra tenant via self-service controls. When permitted by the administrator, external users can leave the guest Microsoft Entra tenant through the **organizations** menu of the [My Account](https://myaccount.microsoft.com/) portal. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/externalidentitiespolicy?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_external_identities_policy" "test" {
  allow_external_identities_to_leave = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_external_identities_to_leave` (Boolean) Defines whether external users can leave the guest tenant. If set to `false`, self-service controls are disabled, and the admin of the guest tenant must manually remove the external user from the guest tenant. When the external user leaves the tenant, their data in the guest tenant is first soft-deleted then permanently deleted in 30 days. The _provider_ default value is `true`.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String)
- `display_name` (String) The policy name.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
