---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Mobile app management (MAM)"
---

# microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile (Resource)

This entity contains data which is used in customizing the tenant level appearance of the Company Portal applications as well as the end user web portal. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-wip-intunebrandingprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: There have been **nonspecific errors reported when trying to _assign_ with application permissions** (even though the MS docs state that it should be possible)! Empty `assignments` or using delegated permissions both seemed to work in our tests, though.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile" "default" {
  profile_name = "###TfWorkplaceDefault###"
  display_name = "GKCorellia Inc."
  privacy_url  = "https://azure.microsoft.com/explore/trusted-cloud/privacy"

  landing_page_customized_image = {
    type         = "image/png"
    value_base64 = filebase64("terraprovider-logo.png")
  }

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [profile_name]
  }
}

resource "microsoft365wp_intune_branding_profile" "test" {
  profile_name = "TF Test"
  display_name = "Acme Corporation"
  privacy_url  = "https://azure.microsoft.com/explore/trusted-cloud/privacy"

  ### There have been **nonspecific errors reported when trying to _assign_ with application permissions** (even
  ### though the MS docs state that it should be possible)! Empty `assignments` or using delegated permissions both
  ### seemed to work in our tests, though.
  assignments = [
    { target = { group = { group_id = "62e39046-aad3-4423-98e0-b486e3538aff" } } },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Company/organization name that is displayed to end users
- `privacy_url` (String) URL to the company/organization’s privacy policy
- `profile_name` (String) Name of the profile

### Optional

- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `company_portal_blocked_actions` (Attributes Set) Collection of blocked actions on the company portal as per platform and device ownership types. / Blocked actions on the company portal as per platform and device ownership types / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-companyportalblockedaction?view=graph-rest-beta  
Provider Note: The _provider_ default value is `[{"action":"remove,"owner_type":"company","platform":"windows10AndLater"}]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--company_portal_blocked_actions))
- `contact_it_email_address` (String) E-mail address of the person/organization responsible for IT support. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `contact_it_name` (String) Name of the person/organization responsible for IT support. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `contact_it_notes` (String) Text comments regarding the person/organization responsible for IT support. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `contact_it_phone_number` (String) Phone number of the person/organization responsible for IT support. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `custom_can_see_privacy_message` (String) Text comments regarding what the admin has access to on the device. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `custom_cant_see_privacy_message` (String) Text comments regarding what the admin doesn't have access to on the device. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `disable_device_category_selection` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if Device Category Selection will be shown in Company Portal. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `enrollment_availability` (String) Customized device enrollment flow displayed to the end user . / Options available for enrollment flow customization; possible values are: `availableWithPrompts` (Device enrollment flow is shown to the end user with guided enrollment prompts), `availableWithoutPrompts` (Device enrollment flow is available to the end user without guided enrollment prompts), `unavailable` (Device enrollment flow is unavailable to the enduser). The _provider_ default value is `"availableWithPrompts"`.
- `is_factory_reset_disabled` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the adminsistrator has disabled the 'Factory Reset' action on corporate owned devices. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `is_remove_device_disabled` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the adminsistrator has disabled the 'Remove Device' action on corporate owned devices. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `landing_page_customized_image` (Attributes) Customized image displayed in Company Portal apps landing page / Contains properties for a generic mime content. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-mimecontent?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--landing_page_customized_image))
- `light_background_logo` (Attributes) Logo image displayed in Company Portal apps which have a light background behind the logo / Contains properties for a generic mime content. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-mimecontent?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--light_background_logo))
- `online_support_site_name` (String) Display name of the company/organization’s IT helpdesk site. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `online_support_site_url` (String) URL to the company/organization’s IT helpdesk site. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `profile_description` (String) Description of the profile. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of scope tags assigned to the branding profile. The _provider_ default value is `["0"]`.
- `send_device_ownership_change_push_notification` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if a push notification is sent to users when their device ownership type changes from personal to corporate. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `show_azure_ad_enterprise_apps` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if AzureAD Enterprise Apps will be shown in Company Portal. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `show_configuration_manager_apps` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if Configuration Manager Apps will be shown in Company Portal. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `show_display_name_next_to_logo` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the administrator-supplied display name will be shown next to the logo image or not. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `show_logo` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the administrator-supplied logo images are shown or not. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `show_office_web_apps` (Boolean) Boolean that indicates if Office WebApps will be shown in Company Portal. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `theme_color` (Attributes) Primary theme color used in the Company Portal applications and web portal / Color in RGB. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-rgbcolor?view=graph-rest-beta  
Provider Note: The _provider_ default value is `{"r":0,"g":114,"b":198}`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--theme_color))
- `theme_color_logo` (Attributes) Logo image displayed in Company Portal apps which have a theme color background behind the logo / Contains properties for a generic mime content. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-mimecontent?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--theme_color_logo))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) Time when the BrandingProfile was created
- `id` (String) Profile Key
- `is_default_profile` (Boolean) Boolean that represents whether the profile is used as default or not
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) Time when the BrandingProfile was last modified

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Required:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Optional:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.). The _provider_ default value is `"none"`.
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--company_portal_blocked_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `company_portal_blocked_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Device Action. / Action on a device that can be executed in the Company Portal; possible values are: `unknown` (Unknown device action), `remove` (Remove device from Company Portal), `reset` (Reset device enrolled in Company Portal)
- `owner_type` (String) Device ownership type. / Owner type of device; possible values are: `unknown` (Unknown.), `company` (Owned by company.), `personal` (Owned by person.)
- `platform` (String) Device OS/Platform. / Supported platform types; possible values are: `android` (Indicates device platform type is android.), `androidForWork` (Indicates device platform type is android for work.), `iOS` (Indicates device platform type is iOS.), `macOS` (Indicates device platform type is macOS.), `windowsPhone81` (Indicates device platform type is WindowsPhone 8.1.), `windows81AndLater` (Indicates device platform type is Windows 8.1 and later.), `windows10AndLater` (Indicates device platform type is Windows 10 and later.), `androidWorkProfile` (Indicates device platform type is Android Work Profile.), `unknown` (This is the default value when device platform type resolution fails), `androidAOSP` (Indicates device platform type is Android AOSP.), `androidMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for android devices.), `iOSMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for iOS devices.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.), `windowsMobileApplicationManagement` (Indicates device platform type associated with Mobile Application Management (MAM) for Windows devices.)


<a id="nestedatt--landing_page_customized_image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `landing_page_customized_image`

Required:

- `type` (String) Indicates the content mime type.
- `value_base64` (String) The byte array that contains the actual content.


<a id="nestedatt--light_background_logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `light_background_logo`

Required:

- `type` (String) Indicates the content mime type.
- `value_base64` (String) The byte array that contains the actual content.


<a id="nestedatt--theme_color"></a>
### Nested Schema for `theme_color`

Required:

- `b` (Number) Blue value
- `g` (Number) Green value
- `r` (Number) Red value


<a id="nestedatt--theme_color_logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `theme_color_logo`

Required:

- `type` (String) Indicates the content mime type.
- `value_base64` (String) The byte array that contains the actual content.
