---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoft365wp_notification_message_template Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Notification messages are messages that are sent to end users who are determined to be not-compliant with the compliance policies defined by the administrator. Administrators choose notifications and configure them in the Intune Admin Console using the compliance policy creation page under the “Actions for non-compliance” section. Use the notificationMessageTemplate object to create your own custom notifications for administrators to choose while configuring actions for non-compliance.
---

# microsoft365wp_notification_message_template (Resource)

Notification messages are messages that are sent to end users who are determined to be not-compliant with the compliance policies defined by the administrator. Administrators choose notifications and configure them in the Intune Admin Console using the compliance policy creation page under the “Actions for non-compliance” section. Use the notificationMessageTemplate object to create your own custom notifications for administrators to choose while configuring actions for non-compliance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_notification_message_template" "test" {
  display_name = "TF Test 1"

  localized_notification_messages = [
    {
      locale           = "en-us"
      subject          = "Test en-us"
      message_template = "This is a test message."
      is_default       = true
    },
    {
      locale           = "de-de"
      subject          = "Test de-de"
      message_template = "Dies ist eine Testnachricht."
    },
    {
      locale           = "es-es"
      subject          = "Test es-es"
      message_template = "Este es un mensaje de prueba."
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Display name for the Notification Message Template.

### Optional

- `branding_options` (String) The Message Template Branding Options. Branding is defined in the Intune Admin Console. / Branding Options for the Message Template. Branding is defined in the Intune Admin Console; possible values are: `none` (Indicates that no branding options are set in the message template.), `includeCompanyLogo` (Indicates to include company logo in the message template.), `includeCompanyName` (Indicates to include company name in the message template.), `includeContactInformation` (Indicates to include contact information in the message template.), `includeCompanyPortalLink` (Indicates to include company portal website link in the message template.), `includeDeviceDetails` (Indicates to include device details in the message template.), `unknownFutureValue` (Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.)
- `localized_notification_messages` (Attributes Set) The list of localized messages for this Notification Message Template. / The text content of a Notification Message Template for the specified locale. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--localized_notification_messages))
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Entity instance.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) DateTime the object was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--localized_notification_messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `localized_notification_messages`

Required:

- `locale` (String) The Locale for which this message is destined.
- `message_template` (String) The Message Template content.
- `subject` (String) The Message Template Subject.

Optional:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether or not this is the default locale for language fallback. This flag can only be set. To unset, set this property to true on another Localized Notification Message.
