---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Sites and lists"
---

# microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings (Resource)

Represents the tenant-level settings for SharePoint and OneDrive. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/sharepointsettings?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_sharepoint_settings" "singleton" {
  is_sync_button_hidden_on_personal_site = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allowed_domain_guids_for_sync_app` (Set of String) Collection of trusted domain GUIDs for the OneDrive sync app. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
- `available_managed_paths_for_site_creation` (Set of String) Collection of managed paths available for site creation. Read-only. The _provider_ default value is `["/sites/","/teams/"]`.
- `deleted_user_personal_site_retention_period_in_days` (Number) The number of days for preserving a deleted user's OneDrive. The _provider_ default value is `30`.
- `excluded_file_extensions_for_sync_app` (Set of String) Collection of file extensions not uploaded by the OneDrive sync app. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
- `idle_session_sign_out` (Attributes) Specifies the idle session sign-out policies for the tenant. / Represents the idle session sign-out policy settings for SharePoint. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/idlesessionsignout?view=graph-rest-beta. The _provider_ default value is `{}`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--idle_session_sign_out))
- `image_tagging_option` (String) Specifies the image tagging option for the tenant. / Possible values are: `disabled`, `basic`, `enhanced`, `unknownFutureValue`. The _provider_ default value is `"basic"`.
- `is_commenting_on_site_pages_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether comments are allowed on modern site pages in SharePoint. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_file_activity_notification_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether push notifications are enabled for OneDrive events. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_legacy_auth_protocols_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether legacy authentication protocols are enabled for the tenant. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_loop_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whetherif Fluid Framework is allowed on SharePoint sites. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `is_mac_sync_app_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether files can be synced using the OneDrive sync app for Mac. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_require_accepting_user_to_match_invited_user_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether guests must sign in using the same account to which sharing invitations are sent.
- `is_resharing_by_external_users_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether guests are allowed to reshare files, folders, and sites they don't own. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_sharepoint_mobile_notification_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether mobile push notifications are enabled for SharePoint. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_sharepoint_newsfeed_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the newsfeed is allowed on the modern site pages in SharePoint. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `is_site_creation_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether users are allowed to create sites. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_site_creation_ui_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the UI commands for creating sites are shown. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_site_pages_creation_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether creating new modern pages is allowed on SharePoint sites. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_sites_storage_limit_automatic` (Boolean) Indicates whether site storage space is automatically managed or if specific storage limits are set per site. The _provider_ default value is `true`.
- `is_sync_button_hidden_on_personal_site` (Boolean) Indicates whether the sync button in OneDrive is hidden. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `is_unmanaged_sync_app_for_tenant_restricted` (Boolean) Indicates whether users are allowed to sync files only on PCs joined to specific domains. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `personal_site_default_storage_limit_in_mb` (Number) The default OneDrive storage limit for all new and existing users who are assigned a qualifying license. Measured in megabytes (MB). The _provider_ default value is `1048576`.
- `sharing_allowed_domain_list` (Set of String) Collection of email domains that are allowed for sharing outside the organization. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
- `sharing_blocked_domain_list` (Set of String) Collection of email domains that are blocked for sharing outside the organization. The _provider_ default value is `[]`.
- `sharing_capability` (String) Sharing capability for the tenant. / Possible values are: `disabled`, `externalUserSharingOnly`, `externalUserAndGuestSharing`, `existingExternalUserSharingOnly`, `unknownFutureValue`. The _provider_ default value is `"externalUserAndGuestSharing"`.
- `sharing_domain_restriction_mode` (String) Specifies the external sharing mode for domains. / Possible values are: `none`, `allowList`, `blockList`, `unknownFutureValue`. The _provider_ default value is `"none"`.
- `site_creation_default_managed_path` (String) The value of the team site managed path. This is the path under which new team sites will be created. The _provider_ default value is `"/sites/"`.
- `site_creation_default_storage_limit_in_mb` (Number) The default storage quota for a new site upon creation. Measured in megabytes (MB). The _provider_ default value is `26214400`.
- `tenant_default_timezone` (String) The default timezone of a tenant for newly created sites. For a list of possible values, see [SPRegionalSettings.TimeZones property](/sharepoint/dev/schema/regional-settings-schema). The _provider_ default value is `"(UTC) Coordinated Universal Time"`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--idle_session_sign_out"></a>
### Nested Schema for `idle_session_sign_out`

Optional:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the idle session sign-out policy is enabled. The _provider_ default value is `false`.
- `sign_out_after_in_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds of inactivity after which a user is signed out. The _provider_ default value is `0`.
- `warn_after_in_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds of inactivity after which a user is notified that they'll be signed out. The _provider_ default value is `0`.
