---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Synchronization"
---

# microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json (Resource)

Defines what objects are synchronized and how they are synchronized. The synchronization schema contains most of the setup information for a particular synchronization job. Typically, you customize some of the [attribute mappings](synchronization-attributemapping.md), or add a [scoping filter](synchronization-filter.md) to synchronize only objects that satisfy a certain condition.

The following sections describe the high-level components of the synchronization schema. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/synchronization-synchronizationschema?view=graph-rest-beta

Provider Note: To import this resource, an ID consisting of `service_principal_id` and `id` being joined by a forward slash (`/`) must be used.

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_synchronization_schema_json" "test" {
  service_principal_id = "41dc044f-de44-430a-99a3-a1b15f6c8dd5"
  id                   = "Azure2Azure.810017afc1d44a3b9e18d693c12b0df1.12472e6c-34d1-4db9-9db0-f6649b14f5ba"

  synchronization_rules_json = file("${path.module}/synchronizationRules.json")
  directories_json           = file("${path.module}/directories.json")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `directories_json` (String) Contains the collection of directories and all of their objects. / Provides the synchronization engine information about a directory and its objects. This resource tells the synchronization engine, for example, that the directory has objects named **user** and **group**, which attributes are supported for those objects, and the types for those attributes. In order for the object and attribute to participate in [synchronization rules](synchronization-synchronizationrule.md) and [object mappings](synchronization-objectmapping.md), they must be defined as part of the directory definition.

In general, the default [synchronization schema](synchronization-synchronizationschema.md) provided as part of the [synchronization template](synchronization-synchronizationtemplate.md) defines the most commonly used objects and attributes for that directory. However, if the directory supports the addition of custom attributes, you might want to expand the default definition with your own custom objects or attributes. For more information, see the following articles.

Directory definitions are updated as part of the [synchronization schema](synchronization-synchronizationschema.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/synchronization-directorydefinition?view=graph-rest-beta
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the schema.
- `service_principal_id` (String) Provider Note: ID of the service principal that this synchronization schema belongs to. Required.
- `synchronization_rules_json` (String) A collection of synchronization rules configured for the [synchronizationJob](synchronization-synchronizationjob.md) or [synchronizationTemplate](synchronization-synchronizationtemplate.md). / Defines how the synchronization should be performed for the synchronization engine, including which objects to synchronize and in which direction, how objects from the source directory should be matched with objects in the target directory, and how attributes should be transformed when they're synchronized from the source to the target directory.

Synchronization rules are updated as part of the [synchronization schema](synchronization-synchronizationschema.md). / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/synchronization-synchronizationrule?view=graph-rest-beta

### Read-Only

- `version` (String) The version of the schema, updated automatically with every schema change.
