---
page_title: "microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile Resource - microsoft365wp"
subcategory: "MS Graph: Software updates"
---

# microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile (Resource)

Windows Driver Update Profile / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsdriverupdateprofile?view=graph-rest-beta

## Documentation Disclaimer

Please note that almost all information on this page has been sourced literally from the official Microsoft Graph API 
documentation and therefore is governed by Microsoft and not by the publishers of this provider.  
All supplements authored by the publishers of this provider have been explicitly marked as such.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    microsoft365wp = {
      source = "terraprovider/microsoft365wp"
    }
  }
}

/*
.env
export ARM_TENANT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_ID='...'
export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET='...'
*/


resource "microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile" "automatic" {
  display_name = "TF Test Automatic"

  approval_type               = "automatic"
  deployment_deferral_in_days = 3

  assignments = [
    { target = { group = { group_id = "298fded6-b252-4166-a473-f405e935f58d" } } },
    { target = { group = { group_id = "62e39046-aad3-4423-98e0-b486e3538aff" } } },
  ]
}

resource "microsoft365wp_windows_driver_update_profile" "manual" {
  display_name = "TF Test Manual"

  approval_type = "manual"

  assignments = [
    { target = { group = { group_id = "298fded6-b252-4166-a473-f405e935f58d" } } },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `approval_type` (String) Driver update profile approval type. For example, manual or automatic approval. / An enum type to represent approval type of a driver update profile; possible values are: `manual` (This indicates a driver and firmware profile needs to be approved manually.), `automatic` (This indicates a driver and firmware profile is approved automatically.)
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the profile.

### Optional

- `assignments` (Attributes Set) The list of assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments))
- `deployment_deferral_in_days` (Number) Deployment deferral settings in days, only applicable when ApprovalType is set to automatic approval.
- `description` (String) The description of the profile which is specified by the user. The _provider_ default value is `""`.
- `role_scope_tag_ids` (Set of String) List of Scope Tags for this Driver Update entity. The _provider_ default value is `["0"]`.

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was created.
- `device_reporting` (Number) Number of devices reporting for this profile
- `driver_inventories` (Attributes Set) Driver inventories for this profile. / A new entity to represent driver inventories. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsdriverupdateinventory?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--driver_inventories))
- `id` (String) The Intune policy id.
- `inventory_sync_status` (Attributes) Driver inventory sync status for this profile. / A complex type to store the status of a driver and firmware profile inventory sync. The status includes the last successful sync date time and the state of the last sync. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-softwareupdate-windowsdriverupdateprofileinventorysyncstatus?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inventory_sync_status))
- `last_modified_date_time` (String) The date time that the profile was last modified.
- `new_updates` (Number) Number of new driver updates available for this profile.

<a id="nestedatt--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Required:

- `target` (Attributes) Base type for assignment targets. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-deviceandappmanagementassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target`

Optional:

- `all_devices` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all managed devices in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alldevicesassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices))
- `all_licensed_users` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to all licensed users in the tenant. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-alllicensedusersassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users))
- `exclusion_group` (Attributes) Represents a group that should be excluded from an assignment. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-exclusiongroupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group))
- `filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter for the target assignment.
- `filter_type` (String) The type of filter of the target assignment i.e. Exclude or Include. / Represents type of the assignment filter; possible values are: `none` (Default value. Do not use.), `include` (Indicates in-filter, rule matching will offer the payload to devices.), `exclude` (Indicates out-filter, rule matching will not offer the payload to devices.). The _provider_ default value is `"none"`.
- `group` (Attributes) Represents an assignment to a group. / https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/intune-shared-groupassignmenttarget?view=graph-rest-beta (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assignments--target--group))

<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_devices`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--all_licensed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.all_licensed_users`


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--exclusion_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.exclusion_group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--assignments--target--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments.target.group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The group Id that is the target of the assignment.




<a id="nestedatt--driver_inventories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `driver_inventories`

Read-Only:

- `applicable_device_count` (Number) The number of devices for which this driver is applicable.
- `approval_status` (String) The approval status for this driver. / An enum type to represent approval status of a driver; possible values are: `needsReview` (This indicates a driver needs IT admin's review.), `declined` (This indicates IT admin has declined a driver.), `approved` (This indicates IT admin has approved a driver.), `suspended` (This indicates IT admin has suspended a driver.)
- `category` (String) The category for this driver. / An enum type to represent which category a driver belongs to; possible values are: `recommended` (This indicates a driver is recommended by Microsoft.), `previouslyApproved` (This indicates a driver was recommended by Microsoft and IT admin has taken some approval action on it.), `other` (This indicates a driver is never recommended by Microsoft.)
- `deploy_date_time` (String) The date time when a driver should be deployed if approvalStatus is approved.
- `driver_class` (String) The class of the driver.
- `id` (String) The id of the driver.
- `manufacturer` (String) The manufacturer of the driver.
- `name` (String) The name of the driver.
- `release_date_time` (String) The release date time of the driver.
- `version` (String) The version of the driver.


<a id="nestedatt--inventory_sync_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inventory_sync_status`

Read-Only:

- `driver_inventory_sync_state` (String) The state of the latest sync. / Windows DnF update inventory sync state; possible values are: `pending` (Pending sync.), `success` (Successful sync.), `failure` (Failed sync.)
- `last_successful_sync_date_time` (String) The last successful sync date and time in UTC.
